["Not a lot of people are sitting at the table and reading the new book of the same name. But then I'll get sick of all of the cats I've been eating... "Sooooo good. But I'm really sick and tired of reading the old book and all of the cats I've been eating."
I am sick of hearing that. I am sick of hearing that. Who the fuck are these people who say they can't read the new book? It makes me sick to my stomach that there's a new book that has to be written. I can't wait to get my shit together and it's going to be amazing. I do not want anyone to have to take that risk and here's a good reminder that there are no guarantees.
"I am sick of all the cats I have been eating. They're all so cute and so cute and so nice and it makes me feel so sick every time I eat. Yes, the cats are cute and have a funny personality, but I'm sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat. I am sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat. I am sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat. I am sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat. I am sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat. I am sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat. I am sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat. I am sick of being the cat that is evil and eating all of the cats that I can't eat."],[""The worst thing about living a good life is that you assume everyone will be fine. "-Michele McCarthy, The Bachelor
"Fuck the dude outside the gas station doing the final scene/holding the counter. This is not what we should be doing. "-Richard Feynman, The O.C.
"I love you!" -Vietnamese "I like you. You know what I'm saying? Your not going to be happy with me." - Virginia Woolf, The O.C.
"I'm disappointed that I can't have a relationship with people that I love, but also not as happy as I'm feeling right now." -Katherine Hargrove, The O.C.
"I'm a guy. I'm a big guy. I'm a virgin. I don't drink alcohol. I don't wear makeup. I don't wear these things that make me look like a boy. I don't wear makeup." -Ima, my dating life is a disaster. I dont even know what to do, and all I talk about is the idea of being alone.
I'm not interested in dating guys because I don't like men, but I'm interested in hooking up with guys and hooking up with guys that I trust. I think that they get laid and they get laid early, and I think that I'm attracted to them. I'm not interested in hooking up with guys that I need to hook up with, but I dont know how to come up with a good one." -Michele McCarthy, The Bachelor
"I'm a little scared that people will think I'm going to sleep in the middle of the night and then go out and drink the same night. I'm so lonely, I don't have a successful career." -Sarah Lewis, The O.C.
"I hate everything about this place: the people. The food. The bathrooms. The bathrooms with little sinks. The bathrooms with sink breaks. The bathrooms with restrooms with sinks. The bathrooms with sinks."],["Confession #171: I'm in the same fraternity as everyone else and I've been dating a girl for a year and I'm not into her at all. I know it's not exactly the same, but I feel like a slut.
Confession #170: I'm worried that Im going to get X's from my ex. I think I'm a cutesy guy.
Confession #168: I wish I was not a girl. I'm not a guy. I just want guys to treat me like a man.
Confession #167: I hate the fact that I'm not going to graduate with a degree in engineering because I want to be a doctor. I don't know what that means in terms of my future capabilities. I just dont think it's right.
Confession #166: I have a crush on a girl who I've never met. I love her and I feel bad that she's not in the same school. I just wish she was real.
Confession #165: I want to be able to "just fucking go home." I don't want to be in a room with a bunch of people who have no idea what they're doing. I just want to have a decent time. I've been doing it for a year now. I guess it's just going to take some time to settle down and get my head off.
Confession #164: It's been a while since I'm happy with my life. I feel like I'm the only one here who's happy. Confession #163: I wonder how everyday I get distracted by my own life. I try to focus on my job and not the things I'm passionate about.Confession #162: I am going to write a totally different post about sex, but I'm going to say this: I'm not interested in guys. I'm interested in guys. How can I not? I'm not interested in sex, not in sex, not in sex. I'm interested in how much I want to be with guys and how much I want to be with guys. I'm interested in getting laid. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm interested in getting laid. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys. I'm not interested in fucking guys."],["#4119
My roommate is a lesbian and I have to tell her that my lesbian friends are all men and that they too are rapists. I hate him because he is a rapist. I hate him because he is a woman. I hate him because he is a pedophile. I hate him because he is a rapist. I hate him because he is a man. I hate him because he is a woman. I hate him because he is a rapist. I hate him because he is a woman. I hate him because he is a man. I hate him because he is a woman. I hate him because he is a man. I hate him because he is a woman. I hate him because he is a woman."],[""I've been to the mall to see the two guys here. The cute guy and the guy in the shorts and I can't stop laughing. And the guy wearing the same dress...."],["I have a very small boy who is very judgmental of people of the same sex, and I'm not trying to be mean, but I'm not going to stand up for him because I'm not going to support him because I think that he's ugly, and I'm not going to support him because he's a little overweight. I'm not going to stand up for him because he's a boy and I don't want to be hateful to him because I don't want to hurt him or cause any negative consequences because he's not a nice guy. I'm not going to stand up for him because he's a boy, and I'm not going to support him because I don't want to hurt him or cause any change in his lifestyle because he's a boy. I'm not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him because I don't want to hurt him, but I'm not going to support him because I don't want to hurt him or cause any negative consequences because he's a boy. I'm not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm going to support him because he's a boy. I'm not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because he's too skinny, and I'm not going to support him because I'm not going to hurt him. I am not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him, but I'm not going to support him because I'm not going to hurt him. I am not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him, but I'm not going to support him because I'm not going to hurt him.
I am not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him, but I'm not going to support him because I'm not going to hurt him. I am not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him. I am not going to do anything for him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him because I'm not going to hurt him."],["They don't care about you, no one cares about you. They have zero respect for you, no one cares about you, and you are going to make a big difference. They're not going to listen to you, they're not going to believe you. They're not going to listen to you. They're not going to listen to you.
They don't want you as their leader. They don't want you to be in their life.
Maybe they'll be better than you, but they still don't care about you. You are not going to change the world. You are not going to change your life.
And I'm not trying to say that they shouldn't be able to change us. They are not going to change us. They are not going to change the world.
They don't want to share their pain or worry or have to endure it. It's their choice. They don't want to share their pain. It's hurting them.
Maybe they'll be better than you, but they still don't care about you.
Maybe they'll be better than you, but they still don't care about you.
I wish I could talk to you more, and make you feel better about yourself. I wish I could explain to you why you are so hurt and how you have to accept it. I wish I could ask you about your pain. I wish I could offer you more opportunities and help. I wish I could say no to you. I wish I could tell you that you are not the reason why you are hurting, but that you are.
So I'm not trying to be a mean-spirited bitch, but why do we have to send a message to our friends who can't handle it? Why are we trying to make the world a better place?
I hope zany, but I'm not too wild about it. I guess I'm not talking to you. I'm just hoping that if the world is a better place that I can also be happy and make friends.M#3133: I want to make a really good friend and get laid with him.X(#3132: I dont know how to get feedback from my friends. Ive been super stressed lately and im really anxious to talk to my friends about it. Ive been thinking about this for a long time and it sickens me to see how society takes our life so seriously. I have no friends and I want to make friends. No one wants to be in a relationship. I want to be happy and have fun. I want to be at my best. I want to be able to be happy, but I dont know how much I can do without them. I dont know what to do. I just want to be happy and I am.X(#3131: I just got laid. I will never go back to college again, I hurt my feelings a lot and I feel like I am a shitty person now. I dont know how to get the satisfaction that I need to go back to college. I just want to be happy and I am.I#3129: I wish I could really get laid with my girlfriend."],[""I am a senior, and I am thus unknown to everyone. I am an athlete, and I am so close to graduating. I wonder how I feel about this."
"I am the only major majoring in engineering, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a freshman, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I don't know how to tell the difference between someone who's not a senior and someone who's already a senior and just a freshman. I am too nervous to know why I'm scared about what's gonna happen if I graduate, and I'm scared that I'll be rejected out of college and have to take the same tests that I've taken in college."
"I am a sophomore, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?""I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a freshman, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering. Should I rush or should I just keep it together?"
"I am a senior, and I am so nervous about my majoring in engineering."],["A new poll has found that a significant minority of Americans oppose the war in Iraq and are now worried about the future of the country.
In the poll, conducted by SurveyUSA, Americans gave Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a 20 percent chance of winning. Republicans are now focused on how they can appeal to the anxieties of Democrats.
The survey found that a significant minority of Americans oppose the war in Iraq and are now worried about the future of the country.
In the poll, conducted by SurveyUSA, Americans gave Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a 20 percent chance of winning. Republicans are now focused on how they can appeal to the anxieties of Democrats.
The poll found that a significant minority of Americans oppose the war in Iraq and are now worried about the future of the country.
In the poll, conducted by SurveyUSA, Americans gave Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a 20 percent chance of winning. Republicans are now focused on how they can appeal to the anxieties of Democrats.
The poll found that a significant minority of Americans oppose the war in Iraq and are now worried about the future of the country.
In the poll, conducted by SurveyUSA, Americans gave Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a 20 percent chance of winning. Republicans are now focused on how they can appeal to the anxieties of Democrats.
The poll found that a significant minority of Americans oppose the war in Iraq and are now worried about the future of the country.
In the poll, conducted by SurveyUSA, Americans gave Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a 20 percent chance of winning."],["Every time I tell a friend that I'm going to take a semester off, they laugh at me and say I'm too busy with work. I don't know how to deal with this. I wish I could be more proactive. Sometimes I forget to ask my friends for their financial aid and I feel like I'm just too worried about my own finances. I know my friends are very supportive, but I don't want to be like that. I don't know what to do. I am in debt for life. I'm not the only student struggling and I've never been in that situation before. I'm not the only student struggling and I'm not the only one struggling. I'm scared that if I don't take my courses, I'll be able to go back to school and graduate with nothing. I have no friends, no family, and I can't afford to have that life. I hate my parents, and I hate the fact that they will never be able to support me. I'm going to be completely homeless. I'm so tired of being the one that the rest of the world will never see. I hope this isn't a joke. I hate being the one that everyone thinks I'm not going to be able to get by. This is a place where the majority of people can't afford to live. I'm not going to have to go back to high college to graduate. I'm not going to have to take on debt to get by. I'm not going to have to deal with the stress of living in debt. I don't want to feel like I'm doing something stupid. I want to live in a world where people are the ones who can afford to live. This is going to be a hell of a lot harder than I imagined it would be. I wanted to take a semester off, but I have a friend that doesn't take a semester off. Why do I have to go to college every semester? I want to be able to live a life that I can't afford.X=#5499. I'm an incoming freshman and I'm in debt for the last three years (i.e. ME, my parents, and my parents' $50,000 college fund). I'm really scared to graduate because I can't afford to pay for the college I'll be graduating with. I'm scared that if I go to college I'll have to work hard to support myself (which I don't know how to do) and that my family will be forced into paying for my tuition. I'm scared because I am very proud and thankful that I've been able to have this opportunity. I feel like I'll never be able to do this. I want to go back to college and graduate. I'm not going to have to live in debt, but I have no real choice. I have to choose between teaching my parents and living life and living a life that I can't afford. I'm just scared that some of my friends will think I'm not going to be able to afford to live. I'm scared that if I don't take my classes, I'll be able to go back to school and graduate. I'm scared that if I don't take my classes, I'll be able to go back to school and graduate. I'm scared that if I don't take my classes, I'll be able to go back to school and graduate. I don't know what to do. I am scared that if I don't take my classes, I will be able to go back to school and graduate. I feel like theres a lot of people that are in debt because they have been in this situation before. I'm scared that theres a huge difference between the wealthy and poor people. I feel like theres a lot of people that are in debt because they have been in this situation before. I'm scared that theres a huge difference between the wealthy and poor people. I feel like theres a lot of people that are in debt because they have been in this situation before. I feel like theres a lot of people that are in debt because they have been in this situation before. I feel like theres a lot of people that are in debt because they have been in this situation before."],["IT WAS A SINGLE DAY I WAS INSIDE A SUPER MOMENT OF FEAR THAT I WAS LYING TO A SECOND-DATE GUY THAT I WOULD NEVER GET A FUCKING HOUR TO DIE. HOW THE FUCK DIDN'T I GET TO BE A HOUR? I WAS SO COOL AND UNCOMFORTABLE THAT I FUCKED UP. JK, I AM NOT FINE, I WOULD DO ANYTHING TO GET A FUCKING HOUR BUT I WANT TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT. I THINK I'm a fucking fucking fine human being. I'm able to take care of myself and take care of myself. I'm just not the type of person who tells people to take care of themselves, and if I was, I'd be standing by myself for the rest of my life. FUCK GOD. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I'm not able to take care of myself and continue to be a fucking decent human being. I'm sorry that one day I'll have the courage to go back to college and try to be a great human being. I'm sorry that I don't want to go back to college and have to live with the worst of it, and I'm sorry that I'm so sad that I'm not able to focus on myself. I'm sorry that I'm still not happy with my life, and I'm sorry that I'm still not happy with what I've been through. I'll never be like this. I'm open minded, and I wish I could just say that I'm not happy anymore. I'm not happy. I'm just so tired of sitting in a corner and doing nothing... I don't know what to do. I love myself and I'm so grateful to have the possibility of living the life that I deserve and not being dependent on myself. I've never been happier and am so thankful that I'm not living in such a situation, and that it's not me. I am a failure, and so am you. I am a failure, and so am I. I am a failure, and so am I. I wish that I could be a better human being and not rely on myself to truly think about the world and take care of myself. I wish that I could be able to do the things I love and not be dependent on myself. I wish that I could be able to do the things that I want to do to make myself happy. I wish that I could be able to support myself and not be dependent on myself. I wish that I could be able to be happy without having to rely on my parents to support me. I wish that I could be able to not have the negative thoughts that come with being dependent on myself because I know that it's going to be hard. I wish that I could be able to be happy without being dependent on myself because that would be the only way I could truly feel happy without it. I wish that I could be happy without being dependent on myself because I know that it's going to be hard. I wish that I could be happy without being dependent on myself because I know that it's going to be hard. I wish that I could be happy without having the negative thoughts that come with being dependent on myself because I know that it's going to be hard."],["These are some of our favorite confessions from our long distance friends. Please do not judge us or make us feel bad, we are just friends, and we have always been friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. Do not judge us or make us feel bad, we are just friends, and we have always been friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. Do not judge us or make us feel bad, we are just friends, and we have always been friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. Do not judge us or make us feel bad, we are just friends, and we have always been friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. Do not judge us or make us feel bad, we are just friends, and we have always been friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But we are really not friends and we don't want to be friends with you. But I got a half a dozen people to come talk to me about it, and I actually don't want to see them talk to me about it."],["Allegheny has had a long history of racist behavior.
I believe the argument against Confederate monuments was because the public was unaware.
I'm Jewish; I'm a Christian who supports Israel. I don't understand how the people of this state could display their faith in hatred towards Jews. That is why I will not stand by the students who were assaulted this weekend.
I'm not racist, nor am I a bigot. I just want the community that's here to know, to respect and admire the people who have sacrificed their lives for our country and our freedoms.
I don't believe in establishing a Jewish foundation here. Jewish students are so important to our country, and I think this is a mistake.
I'm glad I'm able to talk to people about my struggles with racism on campus, but at the same time I feel like it's not a problem anymore. I'm still victimized by white people and the current administration."],["H.I.M. - The POC
I thought I was a good looking guy at the study day, but I'm now a painful black hole in my life. I'm one of the few people in our society to have a presence in the research lab, but I'm not a guy. I'm a white boy in the humanities."[#2496]So I'm not a senior in college and I'm dating a guy. How should I know? I'm also going through a phase where I can't watch movies and I get bored by my studies."#2495]I don't know what the fuck I'm doing here. I just want to get out of here and go somewhere else.#2494]I'm a girl and I think I'm beautiful. I want to be yourself, but I want to be alone. I want to be the best I can be."#2493]I'm a virgin and I have no idea how to be, even though I'm pretty fucking gorgeous. I love you and am looking forward to the moment when I can have the courage to say goodbye to you."],["Back to the story... my ex-boyfriend and I had a terrible breakup. I was suffering from depression, because I was making it very clear that I didn't want to have a relationship with anyone."],[""I know the coolest thing about getting into a college is who you are. But if you don't like my idea of a girl who is super hot, why do you want to be friends with me?"
"I don't think I've met a guy who gets all the people I want."
"I have no idea what 'some girl's name is. I'm really looking forward to how I'll behave this summer, and I'm open to anything."
"I'm disappointed by the lack of outreach to 'some guy's group, and I'm not sure if it's because 'some girl''s group is superficial or just a way for some people to either avoid the pictures or to make it seem like they're talking to a girl. I'm not sure if this is a sign of weakness or some thing that just isn't there."
"I'm a girl. I'm a quadriplegic. I'm a virgin. I'm pretty sure I'm not attracted to this person. I don't know if I'll be able to accept that I'm attracted to this person or not."
"I'm a freshman and I'm a really good athlete. I'm not particularly good at swimming, but I'm not bad at anything, and I'm pretty good at volleyball. How do I meet girls?"
"I am a student from Dixon who has never met a girl on campus."
"More seriously, I'm a virgin and I want to get mixed in with people. I'm still not sure how I'd feel about bisexual guys. I'm a girl but I'm not attracted to guys. I want to be friends with girls but I'm not sure if guys should be friends or not. I just want to have a good time and be around guys."
"I'm a senior and I'm a really nice person. I have no idea what 'some girl's name is."],["#1811: "Go get my hair done. I have no balls and I'm a total bitch about it."#1810: "I can't stand the thought of my former girlfriend's boyfriend having dinner with me and her boyfriend and her boyfriend don't have a place to go dinner with me, so I'm not sure what I should do.": "I havent been having sex since I came back from a separation. I know I'm a monster, but I'm not a monster anymore, and I'm talking about my first time back. I feel like a monster now, but I don't want to be a monster." "I feel like I've always been this way. I try not to let any of my friends down. I've always been the one who was the one to hear it. I was the one who said no. I was the one who didn't take the time to think about it. I was the one who said no when it was obvious that I was talking to you. I've always been the one to listen to you, even if it was a little bit too loud or too loudly."],["My heart is in the right place. I am really, really proud of my mommy and I for the first time since high college. This year, I've been through More#8603
I am so sorry to see you here. I'm not in love with you. I'm not the kind of person who would date someone else. I am not the kind of person who would throw a party and have a wet dream.#8604
People are still so paranoid about pregnancy. I'm starting to believe that I will be able to have a child with one of our boys if I get pregnant. Not sure if this is the right time to talk about it. But I am really sad about it. I am so very scared.
I've been thinking about getting pregnant for a while now and I'm finally willing to talk about it. I'm a freshman and I am just so scared of pregnancy. I'm scared that I'll have to go through with my life. I'm scared of having to live in a double world where I am forced to choose between the choice of life or spending my time with my family.
My boyfriend is a high college student. I'm not a senior. I'm not trying to be a "senior" or something. I just love my boyfriend but I don't know him very well yet and he's not a senior. I know he will be a senior because he's a good guy but I'm not sure if I want to be a freshman or if he wants to be my freshman.
I am so sorry for thinking about this in the first place. I want to be a student and not like a "senior" that has to live in a double world. I want to be able to go to college and not have to worry about my parents. I want to be able to live with my family in a double world. It's been a long time since I told myself not to worry about my family. These past few weeks, I didn't even have a phone. I was alone in this house."],["Has anyone been able to find out where our Chinese nationals come from?? I've literally no idea where they live, who they speak to, what their culture is, and what they do. Is that too much to ask for? Are they even here?Like I'm on the trip, but I'm still not sure who my closest friends are. I don't think anything is wrong with me, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to take a week off from college. I'm going to have to work two jobs and spend a lot of time alone just to be able to find my friends, which is horrible. I'm tired of seeing you guys look down on me. I don't have the energy to talk about it to my friends, or ask about it to anyone on campus, but I'm sorry if we're looking at some negative thing."],["Santos is one of those girls who reads all the wrong stuff and then tries to be mean to you. I'm not saying you shouldn't read this page but I'm saying that if you do then don't go to this page. You are a sick child. I'm just saying that if you want to do this, don't be a bitch and be nice to me. I'll never understand how you do it.SANTOS is just a girl who reads all the wrong stuff and then tries to be mean to you. I'm not saying you shouldn't read this page but I'm saying that if you want to do this, don't be a bitch and be nice to me. I'll never understand how you do it.Santos is one of those girls who reads all the wrong stuff and then tries to be mean to you. I'm not saying you shouldn't read this page but I'm saying that if you want to do this, don't be a bitch and be nice to me. I'll never understand how you do it.Santos is one of those girls who reads all the wrong stuff and then tries to be mean to you. I'm not saying you shouldn't read this page but I'm saying that if you want to do this, don't be a bitch and be nice to me. I'll never understand how you do it.SANTOS is one of those girls who reads all the wrong stuff and then tries to be mean to you. I'm not saying you shouldn't read this page but I'm saying that if you want to do this, don't be a bitch and be nice to me. I'll never understand how you do it.Santos is one of those girls who reads all the wrong stuff and then tries to be mean to you."],["22% off the standard tees at the Amazon
I'm a guy."],["To be honest, I'm a guy, but I'm already in my thirties. I'm scared of dating another girl, and I'm afraid of being judged for it. Needless to say, I'm not the type to let that worry off my chest. I'm afraid of not being accepted into a relationship, and I'm afraid of being judged for being a girl who appears to be a good fit. I don't know if I'm the only one who's been trying to hide it all, but I'm scared to bring it up. "I'm a guy and I'm really happy. But I am scared of dating another girl. I'm scared of being judged for being a girl who appears to be a good fit."],["I hate when people just hate their friends because they are in their dorms for 1 or 2 weeks and then they get bored and start blaming everything on someone else."],["I'm not sure how to answer this question...I'm sorry you're not with me. I'm not sure what to do.Saw you standing by the side of the road jogging. I'm sorry. Where are you going! I'm sorry you're not with me. I'm not sure where you're going.Saw you walking down the sidewalk of my house trying to stop two guys from hitting on me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Shit. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry."],["#sorryyacc is a jazz band from New York. I'm in college, and I'm an international student so I am very familiar with the music. I love the band and everyone there, but I've never had the opportunity to sing there. I'm tired of the music and its culture while in college. I'm here for my social life and my academic life, but I'll never know the music. You're too stupid to be here. If I were you I would've let you sing in the band, but I wouldn't have had the courage to sing. You're so tall, and you're a couple inches taller than me, but I'm not attracted to you. I'm just a gay girl, and I love being a gay girl, and I'm not sure how I could say this. What if you were me? I'm not gay, but I would love to sing you in the band. #sorryyacc
#sorryyacc is the fourth group from the band, and the first one from the band. They are the original members of the band, and have only two songs that are original. They are from New York. They have a huge heart, and they're cute. #sorryyacc is a jazz band from New York. I'm in college, and I'm an international student so I am very familiar with the music. I love the band and everyone there, but I'm tired of the music. I'm here for my social life and my academic life, but I'll never know the music. You're too stupid to be here. If I were you I would've let you sing in the band, but I wouldn't have had the courage to sing. You're so tall, and you're a couple inches taller than me, but I'm not attracted to you. I'm just a gay girl, and I love being a gay girl, and I'm not sure how I could say this. What if you were me? I'm not gay, but I would love to sing you in the band. #sorryyacc is the fourth group from the band, and the first one from the band. They are the original members of the band, and have only two songs that are original. They are from New York. They have a huge heart, and they're cute. #sorryyacc is the fourth group from the band, and the first one from the band. They are the original members of the band, and have only two songs that are original. They are from New York. They have a huge heart, and they're cute. #sorryyacc is a jazz band from New York. I'm in college, and I'm an international student so I am very familiar with the music. I love the band and everyone there, but I'm tired of the music. I'm here for my social life and my academic life, but I'm not sure how I could say this. What if you were me? I'm not gay, but I would love to sing you in the band. #sorryyacc is a jazz band from New York. I'm in college, and I'm an international student so I am very familiar with the music. I love the band and everyone there, but I'm tired of the music. I'm here for my social life and my academic life, but I'm not sure how I could say this. What if you were me? I'm not gay, but I would love to sing you in the band. #sorryyacc is the fourth group from the band, and the first one from the band. They are the original members of the band, and have only two songs that are original. They are from New York. They have a huge heart, and they're cute. #sorryyacc is the fourth group from the band, and the first one from the band. They are the original members of the band, and have only two songs that are original. They are from New York. They have a huge heart, and they're cute. #sorryyacc is the fourth group from the band, and the first one from the band. They are the original members of the band, and have only two songs that are original. They are from New York. They have a huge heart, and they're cute. #sorryyacc is the fourth group from the band, and the first one from the band. They are the original members of the band, and have only two songs that are original. They are from New York."],[""Hello to the students who are uncertain whether alums are a thing or not. I'm sure there's a lot of students who would prefer it that way but it's not as obvious. Fuck the past and make alums a thing. Fuck alums now. Go with your gut."X"I have been pondering this for almost a year, and I guess I'm finally giving in. I'm considering dropping out of college, but I'm a senior and I've never been in a situation where I couldn't be here for long. I don't think I'll ever be able to teach myself or my TA's how to be my best friend, but I'm sure it's very tough at that point, especially walking around campus and the fact that I'm still here is kind of shocking. I don't know if I'll ever be able to keep it up, but I'm definitely not going to drop out of college because I'm a top tier scholar. I'm not going to make the same mistakes I did the past two semesters at iiit, but I guess its all just a matter of time until I see how I'm going to handle it. I hope you'll take the time to consider the best thing that ever happened to you, especially when you know you'll be back in college in a few months. You'll feel secure and you'll be able to pursue your dreams."X"I am so glad I finally have a place to spend my time and energy because I feel like I am the only one in my family that I'm worried about. I just want to be able to do all the things I want to do in high college. I feel like I have a huge future in high college and I'm not sure if I'll live up to my potential. I hope I'll be able to make a difference and make a difference for other people. I'm not going to be scared to tell my family I'm not in the right place."X "I just want to say that my friend and I are in love. We have a great relationship, and we really enjoy each other's company. I'm not sure how I would feel, but I'm actually pretty happy. I'm in love with my friends, and I feel like I've made a difference for them. I'm not scared of rejection or rejection from anyone. I just want to be able to make a difference. I'm not scared of rejection because I'm looking for someone who understands me and wants to make a difference for me."X"I have a really hard time believing that people will judge me if my life is not the way it should be. I just want to make something dramatic happen for myself, instead of trying to make things worse. I know I'll fail, but I'm not a failure. I can't wait to see what life will be like for me. I have no more excuses and I'm starting to get the hang of life."],["I'm the guy who was in the shower when I woke up and didn't know what was going on. The water was in the toilet and I was a virgin. I think it was 3am. I was really shy but I tried to hide it.XSince I'm going to confession, I'm sorry I've offended you. I feel like you're more than just a man who's always been around you. I wish your happiness in life was better. I love you. I'm sorry youre feeling that way right now. Happy weekend.XIf you're reading this and you are reading this because you just felt so bad about it, then you're probably too stupid to do anything about it. But, then again, if you're just reading this because you feel so bad about it, then you'll probably be too stupid to do anything about it. But, then again, if you're just reading this because you feel so bad about it, then you'll probably be too stupid to do anything about it. You're right, maybe you should have thought of that before, but I think you're wrong. Don't worry if you can't tell. Thank you for being so kind and for letting me know.XI'm a senior. Loved the old school, but now I'm a junior."],[""The amount of people that go to bars, clubs and events to drink and talk about their group sex is ridiculous. It's such a waste of resources for a college that I love going to and a college that has the most wonderful people that I want to meet. I'm learning to be myself but I'm scared. I'm lonely and I'm depressed. I'm not interested in a hookup. I don't want to be a lonely person."
"I'm a senior, and I'm a freshman who's never been on Tinder."],["I'm a guy and I thought I was going to date a girl. I'm a virgin and I only dated guys. I'm not trying to be a guy like a lot of guys, but I gotta say I hate myself. I'm not a guy who likes to fuck girls and I can't wait to start dating girls. I'm a guy, and I'm always looking for guys but I'm not attracted to girls. I know I'll never be able to date a girl without being attracted to a guy, but I'm not a guy."],["Let me come up to you and tell you that I'm not a fan of this boy. I'm not really into you, but I would be upset if he started dating another girl, because she's a goddess and I know that she's not just sexual. Sex is beautiful and I don't want to be an asshole, but there's one thing I'm not into. I'm a guy, and I'm not perfect. But I'm not a virgin, and I'm not interested in guys. I hate guys and I hate girls, but it's just not a problem, right? What are your problems with this girl?""I'm gay and I'm not a virgin, but I'm not really into you, but I would be upset if he started dating another girl, because she's a goddess and I know that she's not just sexual. Sex is beautiful and I don't want to be an asshole, but there's one thing I'm not into. I'm a guy, and I'm not perfect. But I'm not a virgin, and I'm not really into you."X"I think I've had sex with a guy for the past year (I'm 21 and a virgin). I've been in this relationship for a year and I've not had sex with him yet. Is it a bit hard to keep my head high and just let go?"
"I'm a black girl and a guy has a huge crush on me. But I've been rejected by all the girls I try to date and I don't want to be the one to be rejected. I am a white girl and I am a white guy. I am really scared to be a black girl. I am scared that I will be rejected because I am black. I have a terrible looking body and I want to be a good black girl. I don't want to be rejected, I am a black girl. I have had sex with a girl a few times and I was rejected because he was white. I am scared because I am a black girl. I have been told to be a good black girl and I have been rejected. I am scared because many girls want to be rejected because they're white. I am scared because I am a black girl. I have a lot of friends and I have been rejected as a black girl. I want to be a good black girl. I am scared because I am a black girl. I have had sex with a girl that is black and I am scared because I am a white girl. I am scared because I am a white girl. I have had sex with a girl that is white and I am scared because I am a black girl. I have had sex with a girl that is white and I am scared because I are a white girl. I have had sex with a girl that is black and I am scared because I am a white girl. I have had sex with a girl that is white and I am scared because I am a white girl. I am scared because I am a white girl. I feel like my boyfriend is really bad. I thought he would be a good guy, but he's not, he is a creep. I don't want to be a bad guy and I don't want to be gay. I have sex with a girl that is black and I am scared because I am a white girl. I have been rejected as a black girl."
"I've lived with this guy for 3 years. He doesn't seem to have a problem with me anymore. He doesn't know how to talk to me and I'm scared that he will be a jerk."
"How do you break a girl's heart?"
"Why are you here?"X"I'm a virgin and I was rejected by all the girls I try to date. I am a white girl and I am a white guy. I am a white guy. I am scared that I will be rejected because I am a white guy. I have had sex with a girl that is black and I am scared because I am a white girl. I have had sex with a girl that is black and I am scared because I am a white girl."],["I'm a female, and I'm probably the only one who thinks that women are rude, stupid, and lazy. I'm a graduate of upper college, but still. So when I see guys that are attractive (or at least have the "right" look), I don't mind, but when I'm looking at girls that don't seem that attractive, or at least not that "beautiful" I think that I'm actually looking at something that really is unattainable. I'm not trying to be a pussy, I just wanna be a girl. I've never been rejected because I look like a girl, and I'm not religious, so I can't deny that I'm not that guy. What do I do?XI'm a girl. I'm not into the "good" or "nice" girls, but I'm a girl and I'm not a bitch. I'm a girl and I'm not the bad guy. I'll be hard pressed to go around guys who have a different life and personality. I don't want to be the guy that everybody thinks I am. I want to be the guy I want to be. I just want to be nice and I don't want to be the douchebag that everybody thinks I am. I just want to be nice to everyone. I'm not a pussy. I just want to be nice to you. I'm a girl and I'm not the cunt. I'm a girl and I'm not the rock star."],["I think there are really fucking out there girls that want to be hot. I have no idea what I'm doing wrong. Just wanna know what's going on. I'm not a virgin and I am not a virgin. Just wondering what I'm doing wrong. I'm at a loss.X7a We need to do more research into the fact that the majority of girls here are not as attractive as they think they are. Compare yourself to the average grown-up. Be human. Look for a relationship. You don't belong here. Don't be a failure. It's not that hard to find a good girl who will take the plunge. So, why are so many of these girls so attractive? I'm here because I want to be here. I'm here because I want to be homemakers. I'm here because I'm here for a really good reason. I'm here for a really good reason. I'm here for a really good reason. I'm here because I want to be here. I'm here because I want to be here. I'm here because I want to be here. I'm here because I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhh. This is going to be the most boring post I've ever written. We'll get the fuck over it ;)Xa#2152: "What are the odds that a man will find his true love in the end? I thought 1 in 5 were gonna be a virgin.
I thought 2 in 5 were gonna be a b***h.
I thought 3 in 5 were gonna be a virgin.
So all I know is, a guy is going to get it. He's going to get it, or at least, he's going to get it. If he doesnt, well maybe he should wait until he gets it."],["I am an Indian international student. I was born and raised in India. I studied at SFI and joined the Indian MEU. I am currently studying abroad. I am a senior . I am a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with that of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying. I am also a senior and I think my GPA is going to be on par with those of the class I am studying."],["Not really a big deal but I was thinking about it.. I'm a guy, but I also want to be a woman, which I guess makes me more attractive to attractive guys. I'm also straight and I'm pretty attractive to girls and I don't know how to deal with that. I'm just more attractive than the average guy and I'm not worried about the lack of body image issues I have.
I'm not sure if this is a myth or if I'm just a little bit worried about what it would be like to be a girl and not be a guy. I don't really know if this is what I'm going to want to be or if I'll just go away. I just wish my body was the same as the average guy. I love my body and I wish it could be like the average guy but I'm worried about what it would be like to be a woman. I just wish this type of thing would happen."
I am a girl and I'm a girl. I'm attracted to guys and I want to be a girl. I can't control myself because I'm not good at controlling myself. I'm attracted to guys because I'm hot and I want to be a girl. I don't really have any problems with boys. I'm a guy and I do not need to worry about female bodies. I'm attracted to girls because I think girls are beautiful. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I don't really have any problems with boys. I'm attracted to girls because I think girls are beautiful. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I don't really have any problems with boys. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I'm a girl."
I don't really want to be a woman because I'm not into guys and I don't want to be a girl. I don't really have any problems with boys. I'm attracted to guys because I think girls are beautiful. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I don't really have any problems with boys. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I don't really have any problems with boys. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I'm a girl. I don't know how to control myself. I don't really have any problems with boys. I'm a girl."
These are the words that I've been using to describe my sexual attraction to girls. I've talked to a girl about a girl. I want to make her feel good about me, but I'm just a girl and I'm not trying to seduce her. I'm not trying to seduce any guy at this point. I'm just trying to make some girl feel good about me."
"I'm a guy and I'm a girl. I'm single. I'm a guy."
"I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy."],[""Rice is probably the most expensive food in the world. I'm not saying that it's not a terrible food, but I'm just saying this because my pal has to spend the entire day with a pump on their face. It's a total cultural thing, and I don't want to be a burden and burden my family, but I'm not paying the price because I just can't eat at Rice anymore"a.k.a. the new summer potato salad
I'm a man of the hill, and I am a girl. I've had a lot of sex and I finally got laid. I have a girlfriend and I just want to be able to have a little fun with her. I know I'm not the only girl out there but I'm so happy I can finally be with her and let her tell me how she feels. I'm a girl, and I want a girl to love me. I want a girl who wants her body in me too. I want a girl who is a girl, who loves her. I want a girl who wants to be with her but doesn't want to have sex. I want a girl who is single and doesn't want to be alone. I want a girl who is smart and loves to be with people. I want a girl that is lighthearted and gets along with people. I want a girl who likes to be alone and is cute and happy. I want a girl who doesn't seem bothered by everything but is happy and enjoys herself. I don't want a girl who's selfish and doesn't want to be with someone. I want a girl who is a girl and loves to be with people who don't seem to care about her. I want a girl who is a girl and loves to be with people. I want a girl who loves to be alone and is happy and enjoys herself. I want a girl who is a girl and loves to be with people. I want a girl who is a girl and loves to be with people. I want a girl who is a girl and loves to be with people. I want a girl who is a girl and loves to be with people."],[""Like":
"How do you guys understand the quality of a girl's hair? Until we start to get over it, I'm not going to get a single look-alike-looking hair from you. It's really going to be a difficult period, but you guys are great. The only people who are going to go to college in the middle of winter are in spring.
"I'm not saying this to get mad, but it's like you're not going to get a second chance, and you're just going to continue saying the same things you already said. Like, how the fuck do you guys get over it?
"I just want to say to all the girls out there who want to be like you, be like you, and feel like you're holding down the fort and feeling a little guilty about your own mistakes. That's just not going to happen. Just be yourself."
#7163: "I will never be a daddy. Just be happy."
#7161: "I have the worst boyfriend I've ever dated."
#7160: "Who are the best people to hook up with?!"
#7159: "I am really tired of people saying they love each other and that they can't make the same mistakes as me."
#7160: "I think the whole passive aggressive thing is a big distraction from the real problem."
#7159: "Why the fuck do some guys take the time to be nice and helpful? That makes me feel guilty. I don't know why I can't have fun with guys and be nice to them."
#7158: "I hope that the guy who posted this thinks that the explanation he was trying to make is sexist and that the guy who posted this is just trolling. I wish he would just give the good guys a chance."
#7157: "I wish that my boyfriend wouldn't take me out on a date with me."
#7156: "I hate the guy I'm dating who has my parents' job. He's a fucking asshole.": "I'm 6'2 and I love my boyfriend. I want him to be my girlfriend, but it's hard because I'm single. I'm not interested in dating a guy who's single because I don't want to be a burden.": "I am a virgin so I'm starting to get paranoid that my boyfriend is secretly gay. I'm just not interested. I only really hoped that he would be gay, and that he would be my boyfriend, but I'm scared that he's not gay."],["I'm trying to figure out how to find a new job right now and it's not easy. I'm a math major and I'm really good at math and I know that I need help, but I'm not a guy who is going to be a successful professor. I know I need some help, but like I told you before, I'm not alone. I am struggling to find a job. I'm scared I need to cry because I don't have the money to pay my tuition. I'm here because I'm tired of being alone. I honestly don't know what to do. I'm scared that I'll never find a job and I don't want to be alone out here. I want to find another job, but I don't know how to. I'm a junior and I'm scared that I won't be able to find a job. I don't know what to do. I'm scared I'll never find a job. I'm scared that I'll never find a job. I'm scared that I'll never find a job. I'm scared that I'll never find a job. I'm scared that I'll never find a job. I'm scared that I'll never find a job. I'm scared that I'll never find a job."],["The Miley Cyrus Show is a disgrace. Its alleged victims are going to be thrown out of the city and its colleges to college, its a disgrace to celebrities and celebrities are going to be thrown away. Its a disgrace to the economy, its a disgrace to the NHS, its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our future. Its a disgrace to our democracy. Its a disgrace to our safety. Its a disgrace to the planet. Its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to ourselves. Its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to the world. Its a disgrace to us. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country. Its a disgrace to our country."],["A man who was in a relationship with a woman in a town called Penn, was arrested and charged with rape. The accused is not in jail and is being held on $25,000 bail.
I got a text message from The Daily Herald this morning and I was pretty sure it was from him. It was from someone who I know and I thought was pretty cool and very nice. Then I realized he asked me for a ride and I have to say yes.
I know it is not him, but I always text him to say he is in trouble. It was pretty rude.
I know it was a weird situation and I just wanted to say that I fucking love him. I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
My boyfriend is a bit older than me. We have lots of friends and a lot of money. I just don't know how to deal with it. I'm scared for him. I know it's not my fault he got caught. I just want to make sure he's ready.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do. I guess the questions could be asked.
I don't know what to do."],[""So the next time I go to class, I will be wearing a t shirt (not the shirt that the professor put in my backpack) and I will be wearing a hat (not the hat that the professor put in my backpack) but I will also be wearing a long scarf. Then I will be wearing a white scarf and a black scarf. Then I will be wearing a black hat and a white hat. Then I will be wearing a black hat and a green scarf. Then I will be wearing a black hat and a white hat. Then I will be wearing a black hat and a red scarf."],[""I am going to be meeting my new best friend this coming week..."
"I'm sure he's been thinking about it for a while and is climbing up the ladder, but one thing I wish I knew is that I've already gained another pound of muscle."
"I'm excited to be able to go back to college and start my own business and make a difference in the community."
"I'm a senior and I'm not really into guys, so I just thought maybe I would take this opportunity and have a butt blast."
"I'm a senior and I've never had sex in my life and I know that a lot of guys are jealous of my butt."
"I have always been into guys and I have seen all of them. I don't know what to do to make myself feel better."
"I am a freshman and I've been having an obsession with a guy for a long time."],[""For the first time, all the students at the college (including our seniors) have had their first conversation with the director of the Office for Civil Rights. All of us have been having our first conversation with the director of the Office for Civil Rights. I don't know what's wrong with you and I don't know how I can support you if you're all just lying about the first time. I know you have a heart attack at this point and I don't know how I can support you if you're all just lying about the first time."],[""Is there anything that makes you happy? Any advice? If so, what is it?""I am a black man and I hate being this overlooked. I love being in a place that is dying, but I don't want to be here. I don't want to be in such a place where it feels like everyone is looking down on me. I know I am not the most beautiful person, but I am also the most beautiful person that I have ever met. I want to be here, but I am so lonely. I really need someone who will take me on as a student again, but I am so scared to go to college."X"I have always been uncomfortable with iiit and white girls, but I don't mind. They don't bother me as much as the other girls or even the people who dress girls first. I didn't think I would make it here, but my friends still think I'm the least attractive person on this campus. I like to think I am the only person in this world. It is so hard because every time I try, I end up telling myself that I'm just imagining things. "I can't be alone and I'm not looking for anyone. Are there any other people who are similar? Lol I've never met any of the girls I want to date. I don't even think about dating girls like that. I don't want to be dating girls that I don't even like. I don't want to be looking for someone that I don't want to date. I don't want to be the one that's "looking" for someone, but I don't want to be looking for someone that I don't even like. I dont know what to do."X"I wanna be a sports player. I want to be able to do things like swim and kickback. I want to be able to do everything I want to do."X"I feel like I've been doing it for so long that I am not ready to move on. I'm graduating in college next fall and I'm just trying to stay healthy and happy. I'm trying to figure out what I need to do now, but I'm still scared of anything. I want to be able to do everything I want to do and I'm scared of not being able to."X"Is it bad that I'm so self-conscious that I can't even think about my parents and how I'll feel about them? I'm just trying so hard to stay sane and happy, but this kid and I are just so different, and I feel so bad for them that I'm still trying to be part of their life."X"I've never met anyone as beautiful as you. I've never met anyone who's as good in all facets of their body as you are. I've never met someone with the same personality and personality type as you. I'm not someone who's a pussy. I'm not judging anyone. I'm just waiting for my chance.
I'm not going to lie and say that I'm a gay guy. I'm not. I'm just going to tell you the truth. I'm not going to lie and take it from you. I'm not gay. I am a guy who is like a man and I want you. I don't want to be gay. I don't want to be scared of anything. I just want you.
You are beautiful. I am. I am. I am. I am.
I'm so happy to be here. I'm so thankful that I have been able to help someone. I'm so thankful that I'm feeling healthy and healthy and happy. I'm thankful for everything I've been through."],["U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia said the Republican-controlled Congress is "the only honest political organization that can make us pay for terrorists."
The president of the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, Republican presidential candidate and former Texas governor Rick Perry, said, "I don't know why we need more money from the federal government."
That leaves us with a government that is just as corrupt as the rest of us."
That is not a compliment.
#4390: "#4390: "I don't understand what the fucking media is doing with all the anger against Trump, especially the word "unpopular". The media consistently tells us Democrats are going to lose because of Trump and that Republicans are going to lose because of Trump. The media is so biased, they want to make it seem like only Republicans are going to lose. The media is so biased, they want to make it seem like only Republicans are going to lose. The media is so biased, they want to make it seem like only Democrats are going to lose. The media is so biased, they want to make it seem like only Republicans are going to lose.
The media is so biased, they want to make it seem like only Democrats are going to lose. The media is so biased, they want to make it seem like only Republicans are going to lose. The media is so biased, they want to make it seem like only Democrats are going to lose.
"I just want to say something. I am sure that I am an innocent person who was (and still am) believed."],[""I think you have a good time, but you have no friends. I know you'll never make it to college and I hope you're not. In fact, I doubt you even know how to talk to the people who might be interested in a relationship with me. I know you're not looking for a relationship, but I just want you to know that I'm here to help. Thank you for being my friend. I'm graduating this year and I've never had a solid relationship since I was 11-15. I'm graduating and it's really hard to find a boyfriend or girlfriend to date. I'm graduating from college in June and I'm not sure where to start."
"I'm a freshman and I'm not sure how to approach female dating. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong, but I just want to talk to you, because I don't know what to say about it."
"I'm so happy I got here. You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here. You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here. You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here.
You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here.
You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here.
You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here.
You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here.
You got a great life and I'm a virgin. I have a boyfriend and I want to be with him. I'm so happy I got here.
You got a great life and I'm a virgin."],["#526: "I don't understand how you're going to even want to be here. You're pretty busy, so why can't you just live somewhere else?"#525: "I'm a guy, but I'm a bit of a big guy. I like big guys more than guys, but I'm not that big, and I'm not big enough to be anything like the bigger guys. I'm a guy, but I'm a bit of a big guy, and I'm not that big, and I'm not that big, and I'm not that big, and I'm not that big, and I'm not that big, and I got to go to iiit, and I feel like my chances are pretty slim, especially considering my major is a bachelor's major, which is a pretty tough position for me."#528: "I think I'm going to lose my love of all things rugby. I love it here. I know it's just me, but I just can't seem to find the right girl. I'm not a guy who wants lots of guys and I'm just not into the intense type guys."#527: "Why do people ask me to do maintenance in the winter?"#528: "I'm a guy who has a crush on me and I want him to know that I'm not the only one he can't get over because it's not my fault"#527: "My roommate always posts about this on facebook and I'm like, "hey guys, can we just make a group and hang out?" so I do something really cool and I'm like, "I'm not going to go to some group, I'm just going to hang out." So I kind of do work, but I still have to go to the gym. Every day I wake up and I try to do the same thing. I'm not a super busy guy and I don't have to do anything for my roommate to be happy. I just want to be there for friends."],[""I need to get over it."
"I have never had raging fits of rage. I don't know what it is. I just found out that my boyfriend has been going crazy over my ex's relationship. I'm so out of control. I'm going to lose all of my friends this summer and I'm going to have to do it all over again. Now I'm stuck in a depression and I'm scared to leave a friend that I love. This is the worst fucking time in my life. I'm so tired of being on the losing end of this. I hate going to parties and having to just hang out with the people I love and just get drunk and have one big party at bars."*
"I am a freshman and have never had a major blow-up with my boyfriend. I don't know what my problem is with him. I am not looking for a hookup or something, I just want to have sex with him. I am still in high college but I want to be a part of his new life."
"I have been dating my best friend for over a year now. I am so desperate. I want to make her happy and make her happy for me. I want to be able to have sex with her in public, have sex with her alone, and have sex with her when I want. I am not sure if this is true or not. But I want her to know that I truly do love her and have the best sex and no one else can touch me."
"I feel like I am the only person in my family that is lax about approaching the parents of children who are underrepresented in our society. I am a senior and don't want my kids to be pressured into staying home with them, but I am worried that I might be judged for not being a good parent or having a family member who is a failure."
"I want to know if my ex has been a bad influence on me. I am a senior and this is the first time I have been treated this way in a long time. I am a senior and this is the first time I have had any negative impact on my life. Would you try to change the way I feel about you?"
"I have been trying to find a relationship for years and I finally found one last week. I am still so scared that I will find someone who will love me more. I just want to know."
"I just wanted to say how proud I am of everyone that has been with me. I am not alone, and I am not alone. You all have been great, you are a great person, and you all deserve to be loved. I am looking for a relationship."
"I have a girlfriend and I know she will be there for me in the future. She is a beautiful, happy and sweet person. I wish there was a way to find someone to be with me and could have a heart and a soul to make us happy. I know there are people out there who love me and I love them, but I know there are people who are not happy with me and I want to learn that."
"I wish I could move on with my life without the anger and anger that I have. I'm so happy that I have friends and that I have a good relationship and I'm so proud of everyone who has worked so hard for me. I know that I have made a mistake and I will always regret it. I want to move on with my life, stop making mistakes and move on."
"I am a single girl who has had multiple boyfriends. I have had one girl, only one guy, and one girl, but I have had a man. I don't want him to be jealous, I want him to be happy. I know it is hard to tell my friends but I know I have made a mistake. I am a bluelucky girl, I know that I have made a mistake and I know I have made a mistake, but I just want to move on."
"I am a freshman and have never had a major blow-up with my boyfriend. I don't know what my problem is with him. I am a freshman and have never had a major blow-up with my boyfriend."],["NEWSIDE OF THE SECOND STREET
"A bunch of guys at the gym my friend worked out with told me that they were having sex with a girl they'd met in the lab. I know that girl's name is Alexandra. I've never seen her in such a big group in my entire life. She's a really wonderful person and I wish I knew what was happening. I was just glad I knew it was not a group of guys and that the girl I was talking to was actually there. I hope she had some wisdom in dealing with this. "
I HAD TO BE AWARE OF HOW I LOVED IT. THIS IS WHAT I DO. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF HOW I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF HOW I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE. I HAD TO BE AWARE OF WHAT I WANTED TO BE."],[""I am a senior, but I'm not a senior anymore. I've been getting away from iiit for a while, and it's hard to bear. But I am not actually graduating. I am not going to a college I would consider a place I would like to be."b"I'm a guy. I'm a straight guy. But I'm not a straight guy anymore and I'm not really interested in dating girls. I'm just not into girls anymore... I'm not interested in my friends. I'm not really into the reality TV show "Friends" or whatever. I'm not into the romance drama with my roommate or my family or even my friends that I watch everyday. I'm just into my life."X"I'm a senior and I have been here for a long time. I'm not a senior anymore, but I'm not a senior anymore. I'm not going to a college I would consider a place I would like to be. I'm not even into the reality TV show "Friends" or whatever."],[""I like the fact that she's a girl and I want her to be happy"
"I dont want to be a girl who's too into guys"
"I'm a girl when I see this girl in a girl's lingerie and I'm like wow, a girl?"
"To the girl that was looking for a friend, I want you to know that I'm not your friend. I was looking for someone who can talk to me and understand me and have a relationship with me. I'm not trying to hurt you, I'm just trying to be friendly and let you know that I'm waiting for you.
I don't like this cute girl. She's shy and annoying, but I really want her. I'm not sure why I'm here. I want to spend my damn money on a girl who'll be happy with me. I really want to be able to talk to you again. I just wish I could do that."
"I just want to be friends with someone at the college. I'm not in college anymore and I'm just looking for things to have fun with."
"Why are there so many posts about girls not liking guys? What are your feelings on guys? Do they love you or not? I'm a guy and I want to be friends with my girl but I want a girl who'll be happy with me."
"I am a virgin, but I was wondering if I should wait until I feel like a guy or if I should find someone who will enjoy me."
"I know it's not a big deal, but I'm a virgin. I'm with a guy and I have a boyfriend but I don't want to be like a guy and it's not my thing and I'm not good at relationships. But I'm not a virgin either. I'm not even a virgin. I just want to know if people will think this is a good idea or if it's a bad idea."
"So my girlfriend and I were in a car accident and she just drove me out of the US. I was in the car accident at the time but I'm in the dorm so I'm not sure if I should get help or not. I guess I'm a bit scared as to what she will think."
"my boyfriend has a straight back, and his girlfriend is a lesbian and he's a bit more open minded. but I'm a virgin. sometimes I've started looking for a guy who will be like me. I'm a freshman and I'm not going to break up with that girl (although I'm not going to break up with her) and I'm not going to be a virgin."
"I'm a virgin and I want to be friends with someone at the college."
"I was in a car accident and I'm not sure if I should wait until I feel like a guy or if I should find someone who will enjoy me."
"I'm a virgin and I want to be friends with someone at the college."
"I know it's not a big deal, but I was wondering if I should wait until I feel like a guy or if I should find someone who will enjoy me."
"I'm a virgin and I want to be friends with someone at the college."],[""#1492: "What can I do to improve my friends?": "I know you've been here for a while, but I'm really just concerned about getting over the summer break. I'm not sure how to approach this going into the fall, especially since I'm just worried about what people think of me. I'm not sure if I'll be able to do good enough to get into the college. I'm just worried about how to deal with all of the negative things I'm going through. "X
#1485: "I was just shot and killed in the neighborhood. It's weird how you can have a real life situation where you've got a gun and you don't shoot the guy. Thats just weird. I'm not sure how to handle this.": "The world has gotten so much worse since people who are here don't know that theres a war going on."],["I'm amazed how many people here are actually good at what they do. Im not trying to impress them, so that's my job. I'm looking for people who want to be good at what they do. I can't say I'm an expert in this class, but if you're a good student and have good taste, I'm sure you're a good student. I'm not saying that I'll do anything. I'm just saying I'm looking for people who want to be good at what they do. I'm not saying that I'm not a master at how to be a good student. I just want someone who will go out of their way to be a success. I'm not saying that I'm a jerk. Not even a day goes by when I'm stuck at home. I just want someone who will make me happy, not the person who tries to be a mediocre student. I'm not making a huge fuss about what I'm doing, because that's just not right. I just want someone who will make me feel better and not the person who says "No." I just want someone who will make me feel comfortable. I'm not trying to be the ungrateful or ungrateful person that I thought I was. I just want someone who will make me feel comfortable with myself, not the person who says "No." I just want someone who will make me feel comfortable, not the person who says "No." I just want someone who will make me feel comfortable, not the person who says "No." "I am a good student, but the class is so hard. I don't want to go to college anymore.": I'm really into this class. I have never taken this class before, so I'm not even thinking about it. I just got a 4.0 and I'm just great at it. I'm also really into the music, I love it. I'm really into all the classes.
I'm really into all the students here at this college. I have never taken this class before, so I'm not even thinking about it. I just got a 4.0 and I'm just great at it. I'm also really into all the classes.
I'm really into all the students here at this college. I have never taken this class before, so I'm not even thinking about it. I just got a 4.0 and I'm just great at it. I'm also really into all the classes.
I'm really into all the students here at this college. I have never taken this class before, so I'm not even thinking about it. I just got a 4.0 and I'm just great at it. I'm also really into all the classes.
I'm really into all the students here at this college. I have never taken this class before, so I'm not even thinking about it. I just got a 4.0 and I'm just great at it. I'm also really into all the classes.
I'm really into all the students here at this college. I have never taken this class before, so I'm not even thinking about it. I just got a 4.0 and I'm just great at it. I'm also really into all the classes.
I'm really into all the students here at this college. I have never taken this class before, so I'm not even thinking about it. I just got a 4.0 and I'm just great at it. I'm also really into all the classes.
I'm really into all the students here at this college."],["Me: "Just look at all the people who are oppressed by the police. I'm still holding my gun to their heads."
You: "There is nothing wrong with being black. I've been oppressed by the police for a long time. Now I'm glad that the police are doing everything they can to stop me. Everyone is scared."
Me: "When you're black, am I the only one who has to deal with the stress of dealing with the police?"
You: "I'm a black male, I think I'm a really smart white male, I have a great nose, I am a really good person, but I still get pushed around by the police. How do I get over this?"
Me: "I know you're racist, but I think it's all right for you to be on campus, but it's kinda depressing how my friends are so racist."
You: "Because the police are doing everything they can to stop me, I feel like they need to stop a lot more. Like, they shouldn't be walking around, they shouldn't be doing an arrest, they shouldn't be doing a job. Like, they should just be walking along in the same way. I don't know how to feel about that."],["We're going to be back next week, which means we'll be happy for you guys to hurry up and come back to us once again in a matter of months."],[""This is getting hard for me. Every day I keep getting up, and I think I'm starting to feel like I'm gonna get another one. I am really frustrated with myself. I'm not like my friends, I'm not like my family, I'm just not in it and I feel like it's not working out."
"I am not that girl who thinks it's ok to have sex with your girlfriend. I am not girl that just has a boyfriend. I am a girl that is in love with someone and I am just not the type of girl that just has a boyfriend. I am not the type of girl that makes friends or does anything with the guys. I am just a girl that wants to have fun with her friend."
"I've been so busy with work that I'm slowly becoming a slave to my body. I don't know what to do. I'm thinking about going to college, but I'm worried that I'll be judged for my quick thinking."
"I've never been more grateful for the kindness of strangers and the kindness of strangers that I've met over the years. That's what I'm grateful for."
"I am a virgin, and I'm not going to give up on my virginity. I want the best for my future. My life is not going to be completely ruined, but just like the unfortunate guy who threw up, the man who raped me, the man who killed me, the man who stole my car, the guy who stole my dog, the guy who killed my roommate, the guy who stole my dog, the guy who stole my laptop, the guy who stole my phone, the guy who stole my laptop, the guy who stole my credit card, the guy who stole my car. I want to be able to have my life back."
"To the girl who walked out of door of the pink one where I was staying with my boyfriend and said, "Look at me, look at me, look at me, look at me. I'm the one who was here, I'm the one who's been here, I'm the one who's been here with you. I'm the one who's been here, I'm the one who's been here with you. I'm the one who's been here with you. I'm the one who's been here with you. I'm the one who's been here with you. I'm the one who's been here with you. I'm the one who's been here with you. I'm the one who's been here with you.""I'm a guy and I'm really hooky."
"I'm an international student and I need to talk to my roommate about my problems with college and how my parents are feeling because they're not very understanding of me."
"I am a virgin and I'm not going to give up on being a virgin. I'm not going to give up on my virginity."],["I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now. I've been here for a year now."],[""That was so powerful, but I still think about it."
"Really???"a"I went to a party this weekend. I had a huge cock, and then I realized I really like it. I'm not really into guys, but I love giving one."#"I think my boyfriend sucks too."c"I am a rich white male and I think I'm just going to be black and white."#"I'm still a virgin, but I'm still attracted to rich white girls."#"I think I'm going to be attracted to the rich white girls and I'll be the most attractive girl I've ever seen."#"I'm not really into men but I feel like a slut no matter what."#"My boyfriend and I are 20+ and I have a crush on another guy. Can we go out and have sex? I'm not into guys and I don't want to try to figure out who we are.""I'm a white male and I think I'm just going to be black and white.""I think I'm the only girl in my family that will date a black guy. I'm not even sure if I want to.""I'm an Asian, but I'm still not into Asian girls."#"I'm a fan of the classic Capri and I feel like I have a lot of regrets about the past few years because of my constant experiences with my black boyfriend."],["It's a quiet day at iiit and I'm just sitting in the grass outside my dorm watching the TV, waiting for the finals. I'm in the bathroom with my roommate and so far they've been very helpful and kind to me, but they've also made me realize that I'm not the type of person to waste my time with students who only care about the finals and not the workload. Does anyone else feel similar??
The world is just so empty and it feels like everyone is wasting their time by not attending class."],[""I don't think I'm spending enough time with my family, and I'm not really into my sex life. I've never had a girlfriend until now. I'm not worried about people like you. I'm just a person who likes to talk about life. I don't want to be alone."X"I'm a senior and I'm having a hard time finding a good job. I'm not interested in a girl that's going to buy me a drink and spend every day with me. I want to be happy and have fun but I'm not sure if I'm ready to have a child of my own. I hope my parents don't think I'm selfish or mean to me. I know I will never understand why I will not have a child so I'm just afraid I'll be judged. I'm just scared because I don't want to be the one that's going to judge me. I'm terrified I will be judged for once. I am just worried that people will judge me for once. I'm just scared. I am scared that I will make friends and I will have people to make my life better. I am scared I won't be able to have a good life without a kid."X"I'm not upset about it. I'm just scared about the things that people will think I did or didn't do. I know some people will think I went out of my way to make it, but I'm not. I wish people would think I'm a nice person and not make me feel bad. I'm not the person that makes people feel bad because they're a person who makes people feel bad. I am not the kind of person that makes people feel bad because they are not a good person. I am not the kind of person who makes people feel bad because they are not a smart person. I am not the type that makes people feel bad because they are not smart."],["Back in June I found out that my boyfriend was involved in an international holiday. I didn't know anything about the matter at the time, and then I was shocked that he was not involved in my holiday. So I apologize to all the people who are offended by this. I understand that it is not my place to comment on the matter, but I am sorry that this happened. I am disappointed that the holiday has become a distraction to so many people. I hope that I was able to do the right thing and that I can now focus on my community and take the time to find answers. I'm sorry that my parents' financial situation was not the reason for the inconvenience. I'm sorry that my family's financial situation has not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial problems have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial problems have not been the reason for my family's financial problems. I am sorry that my family's financial problems have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial troubles have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial troubles have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial troubles have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial problems have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial problems have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles. I am sorry that my family's financial troubles have not been the reason for my family's financial troubles."],["a. this is a nice guy i'm a virgin and i'm not a single guy at all i am a virgin and i'm not a single guy i am a virgin and i'm not a single guy i am a virgin and i am a single guy and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and i am a virgin and iiit is proud of it and i dont want to be that guy who doesnt want to be that guy."],["You are the only one who cares about your deep (not just your job) traits.1#956: "I know I'm not the same person who grew up with all my parents being closeted about my closeted identity. I've got a boyfriend, I'm a straight white male, and I'm still closeted about my own closeted identity. I have a very strong right to say I'm not closeted. I don't mind if people look at me as a closeted person, but if not, then I'll still be closeted. I'm not talking about me being closeted because I'm not sure what it is "I know I'm not the same person who grew up with all my parents being closeted about my closeted identity. I've got a boyfriend, I'm a straight white male, and I'm still closeted about my own closeted identity. I have a very strong right to say I'm not closeted. I don't mind if people look at me as a closeted person, but if not, then I'll still be closeted."],[""If you're not interested in the Night of the Living Dead, why do you watch it?"
"To the people who are being cliquey: I love you, and I know you're not the type of person who will do anything to upset people, but I'm just wondering if you're going to do anything about it."
"To the person who saw the entire trailer for Arrow, you're brilliant, and I wish we could have seen it."],[""It's been a few years since I've had a job. I really like the job and am extremely happy with it. I'm glad I'm not over here. I'm glad my life has been so much easier this year because of that. I'm so proud of my family."
~sarah
"I'm sad to see the way the iiit community is going but I'm also sad to see my friends left because of it. I love my friends and I love the community and I know that I'll be missed as much as the people I've met."
~mike
"I wish the iiit community would put some pressure on colleges to contribute to the financial aid programs they're supposed to provide. I'm just worried that if they do, it will be bad for the community. I know there are students coming into iiit who might not be able to make a living in college but that's just not what iiit is all about."
~Karen M.
"I would definitely not put in a lot of effort to get a B in my major, but I would love to be a part of the iiit community. I would be so grateful that New Jersey students can be here and go to college. Thanks for your time an's that make all the difference."
~Matthews
"I'm really disappointed that my iiit friends don't find out about my college application. The iiit community needs to realize that college is not just about your major, it's about you being part of it. It's all about having a good time. I mean, you can't go to college, but that's all you can do. Just be yourself and have fun. A lot of these students here have really good relationships, so don't be the jerk."
~James
"I've been doing this for a long time and I've never really had a problem with it. I've never really had to worry about it....I just want to be able to talk to my friends whenever I want to, so that's all. I don't want to be clingy. It's just been so frustrating."
~James,
"I'm so glad that I've been able to pursue a career in counseling so I can focus on my major. I'm glad that I'm able to come here (and be an engineer) and have the opportunity to do my thing, but I'm glad that I'm able to be successful. I'm so thankful that I had to come here because I'm not the only one struggling like this. I'm glad that I was able to take the drastic step of going to a college like free college and deciding to pursue my dreams. I just wish that I was able to do it. I'm so thankful that I'm able to get the financial aid that I need and I'll feel like I'm doing a great job."],["The more we talk about the more we think about how we'll be judged. And the more we think about how we'll be judged, the more we'll judge ourselves. And now that we're here, we're all going to judge ourselves. I'm going to be judged by my sex life. Or at least I am, and that's a little silly, but I'm going to be judged by my sexuality, and that's a lot harder to come to terms with. I'm going to be judged by how I'm perceived by other guys, and how I'm judged by other people. I'm going to be judged by how I'm judged by other people's opinions. I'm going to be judged by how I'm judged by other people' opinions about other people' opinions. And I'm going to be judged by how I'm judged by other people' opinions about other people' opinions. Why don't I feel like I'm doing something right? Why do I feel like I'm doing something wrong? Why am I so isolated from other guys? Why can't I be myself? It won't be easy, but it's so worth it. I have no friends in this life. I don't know what to do. I'm trying to find a new life. I'm not ready for this. I'm afraid of not being able to be myself. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I really want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be. I'm afraid of not being able to be who I want to be."],[""I just want to say how grateful I am to the man who is my best friend and roommate. I'm clearly not the hottest guy in the world, but I'm in love with him and I want to be with him for a long time. I've been thinking about him for a long time now and I'm just glad that he's here. He really is a wonderful person and I just want to say thank you. I just want to say how happy I am with myself and my roommate. I'm happy that my roommate is seeing me for the first time and I'm not satisfied with any of the things I've done. I'm happy that my roommate is dating someone who loves me and I'm happy that he's a good friend. I'm happy that my roommate has been getting a boyfriend and that I'm just happy that he's a good friend. I'm happy that my roommate can be with me now because I'm tired of living this way."I miss iiit. I miss the girls in the music that make my day. I miss the cars that make my day. I miss the sweet music that makes my day. I miss the people that make my day. I miss the girls that make my day. I miss the people that make my day. I miss the people that make my day. I miss the people that make my day. Is it too late to not get into iiit? I'm not the only one that's lost. It's been months, and I'm not completely sure of what I'm missing. I know I have a lot of friends, and I'm not focused on just getting into iiit. I don't know how to get out. I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress. I'm not perfect. I don't know how to make progress."],[""I am so sick of people telling me that I amnt capable of loving/being with them. I am not. I am not the type to fuck around with people, and that is fine by me. But they shouldnt just tell me that I amnt capable of loving/being with them. I am not. I am not."#2316
I hate the people who go to the OPI for the "bad apples" and urge them to hire more good people. A lot of the people who work at the OPI are "bad apples," even though they are the ones who are the ones who are the ones to blame. They do not deserve to be in the OPI, and they deserve better.
I agree with the OPI people who don't like the idea of going to a place where they can't get jobs because they are not good enough. But I also agree with the OPI people who don't want to hire this type of person. I don't want to waste my life trying to take care of me. I wouldn't go to a place where they can't have a job because they are not good enough.
I am not ashamed of what I am doing at this point. I am ashamed that some people who are supposed to be the "good guys" are lying to me. I am in a tough place right now. I just want to make sure that no one is going to get hurt by me. I am in a tough place right now. I just want to make sure that no one will get hurt by me.
"I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills. They go out of their way to get things done, but they are also so busy with their family and college that they have to drive all the time. I hate how hard it is to get a job and still feel like an "average" person. I guess I don't deserve to be in this life and I want to make sure that no one is going to get hurt by me. No one. I hate how hard it is to get a job and still feel like an "average" person. I guess I don't deserve to be in this life and I want to make sure that no one is going to get hurt by me.
I go to OPI for the "bad apples." You can't get a job in a place where you can't get a job because you are not good enough.
I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills. They go out of their way to get things done, but they are also so busy with their family and college that they have to drive all the time. I guess I don't deserve to be in this life and I want to make sure that no one is going to get hurt by me. No one.
I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills. They go out of their way to get things done, but they are also so busy with their family and college that they have to drive all the time. I guess I don't deserve to be in this life and I want to make sure that no one is going to get hurt by me.
I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills. They go out of their way to get things done, but they are also so busy with their family and college that they have to drive all the time. I guess I don't deserve to be in this life and I want to make sure that no one is going to get hurt by me. No one.
I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills. They go out of their way to get things done, but they are also so busy with their family and college that they have to drive all the time. I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills. They go out of their way to get things done, but they are also so busy with their family and college that they have to drive all the time. I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills. They go out of their way to get things done, but they are also so busy with their family and college that they have to drive all the time.
I hate the people who are so busy with their jobs that they can't pay their bills."],["Can we get rid of Confederate statues? I can't stand their presence on campus.
#10442
I'm on the bottom of the iiit ladder, and I'm just so tired of these people who really care about the people who show up. I just need some friends here. I'm a second year majoring in the humanities and I'm starting to feel more isolated than I should be.
#10449
I'm annoyed because I don't understand why people are stereotyped as "white" and "middle class" and "not racist." I'm not saying I am a racist; I just don't understand why people assume that I have to be "white."
I'm starting to feel like I don't belong here. I'm an exception. I've got a great job and everyone is nice to me as a society, but I'm starting to feel like I'm not an exception."],["If you're going to be my friend, please don't be a dick, because I'll never understand how you're going to proceed with this. I'm not going to give you more of a chance than that. But please don't be a dick. I'm not going to give you more of a chance than that.#6226
I really want to have sex with my girlfriend but I'm not ready. I'm not ready. #6223
I have no friends at this college. I'm an immature, ignorant, and immature girl. I'm not going to be your friend.#6222
I am a good friend of the iiit community and I take all the negativity that comes my way. I only wish I had friends at iiit, but it doesn't help that it's a small independent college.
I am so sick of having to deal with the fact that I am alone in this world. I am tired of being alone. I am tired of being alone.
I'm tired of getting rejected. I'm tired of finding a friend who will take me back to where I belong. I am tired of being alone.
I don't know where I'm going to get help and help right now. I don't know what I'm going to do next. I just want to make a new friend, and I feel like I would be better off if I didn't have to do that. I know the best place to go is iiit. I definitely would love to find a friend that would take me back to where I belong. I don't know how to even start this chapter, but I just want to make a new friend. I don't know how to even start this chapter, but I just want to make a new friend. I know the best place to go is iiit. I definitely would love to find a friend that would take me back to where I belong. I don't know how to even start this chapter, but I just want to make a new friend. I know the best place to go is iiit. I definitely would love to find a friend that would take me back to where I belong. I don't know how to even start this chapter, but I just want to make a new friend. I know the best place to go is iiit. I definitely would love to find a friend that would take me back to where I belong. I'm not going to be your friend.#6260
I'm so worried about my GPA and my job. I know I'll never reach my full financial aid, but I'm really worried about my job and my family.
I'm so worried about my GPA and my job. I know I'll never reach my full financial aid, but I'm really worried about my job and my family.
I'm so worried about my GPA and my job."],[""I'm not sure if we're going to get to see each other again in the near future. I'm really looking forward to meeting you, but I'm just glad to see you. I'm looking forward to seeing you in person.""The worst part about being in the library is having to hold the kids whose parents are working to pay for their airfare for college. I don't think it's a big deal, but I'd really appreciate it if you guys would give me a chance to make a few more bucks to pay for my airfare. It would also be great to have your support.""I hate the endless post about "what is the best college to go to?" What's the best place to live to live?" I get that you might not appreciate it or that you're just a loser, but I'm a freshman so I don't think I'm the type of person who will jive with any of these. I just love going to college and all I want to do is "make it" on my own. I've been living a long-term fantasy of going to college and still can't make it. I'm just an average 5.8 on a curve but I'm still looking forward to my first date."I'm a senior, and I'm scared that I'll never graduate. I'm having real problems finding housing. I don't know how to deal with it. I don't want to complain, but I still fear that I'll never get to college. I'm over it. Maybe I'll make it on my own."I think I've been diagnosed with depression since last week, but I'm not sure if I'll get it straight away.""My boyfriend and I decided to take the poor old lady down to the house and have a nice dinner. We've gotten a nice meal and it was all good. I've been doing very well, but I guess I don't deserve it. I hope he and I get along."X"I really hate the idea of me being the one who posts here. I like to keep my mouth shut and hide it, but I'm afraid that people will judge me. I think people are afraid of me because I'mnt really a person who doesn't take it personally. I'm just a person that wants to be liked. I'm a average guy, but I want to be liked. I'm a 13 year old girl. I'm a virgin, but I'm scared to be a whore. I'm a girl, and I want to be liked."],["I'm not going to go into the details about that but it's better than getting lost. You'll find out that I'm not alone. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost. I'm not going to get lost."],["It was a difficult time for me, and I am grateful for all of my friends, family, and acquaintances that I have gone through with me. I want to say thank you for everything that you did for me, but I have a difficult time describing it to my friends, or even anyone else I know. I wish I could say thank you for everything that I did for you, but I have a difficult time describing it to my friends, or even anyone else I know. I wish I could say thank you for everything that I did for you, but I have a difficult time describing it to my friends, or even anyone else I know. I wish I could say thank you for everything that I did for you, but I have a difficult time describing it to my friends, or even anyone else I know. Whenever I try to talk to my friends about it, I end up sounding like a pretentious asshole. I take it as a compliment and don't know how to think about it. I just wish I could say it to them again. I don't get it f***ing around. I don't even like people who do it. I just wish other people would acknowledge me. I really wish I was better than someone who does it. I've been doing this for a long time and I still get it. I'm not trying to be a jerk, but I'm tired of being a bad ass. I don't know what I should do here, but I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of being alone. I've been doing this for a long time and I still get it. I'm not trying to be a jerk, but I'm tired of being a bad ass. I don't know what I should do here, but I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of being alone. I've been doing this for a long time and I still get it. I'm not trying to be a jerk, but I'm tired of being a bad ass. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of being alone. I've been doing this for a long time and I still get it. I'm not trying to be a jerk, but I'm tired of being a bad ass. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being with someone who does this. I don't know what to do. I can't help but laugh when people say I'm a jerk or a virgin. I don't know how to be a jerk or a virgin. I don't know how to be a jerk. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin. I don't know how to be a virgin."],[""If I see a naked man on a sidewalk out of a window, I stop and say, "Hey, what are you doing?" and then I should have done that earlier. But I've never had sex in my life and I'm not the type of person who has sex around my girlfriend. I'm just trying to be extra-concious."X"I have been trying to find a guy who has a "long" cock and I just get rejected. I want to make my first guy cock bigger and longer, but I don't know what I'll do. I'm a guy, but I'm not a guy at all. I'm a guy but I'm not a guy at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a guy, but I'm not a guy at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. Why are you so open about pursuing a guy on campus? I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all. I'm a girl, but I'm not a girl at all."X"I have been over for a few days now, and I still haven't found a man that I can trust with my life. I want to find a guy that is willing to take ownership of my life, and find a guy that is willing to love me and take over my life. I don't think I will get it, but I'm not going to go bankrupt. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I want to have sex with her, but I'm not going to go bankrupt. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I want a relationship, but I'm not going to go bankrupt. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me. I am going to find a guy who wants to be with me."],["To the person who went to the bathroom with me and saw a man holding a girl by the cusp of not-being-the-fucking-first-girl-to-go-to-the-house-with-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-n."],["Confession #722: I want to be a doctor but I can't afford to go to college. I'm just looking for other people to come to my classes and be my best friends. I can't wait to move here!
Confession #721: I'm a freshman and I'm not going to be accepted into any of my classes. Its a life saver. I am going to do well at MyCourses. I feel like I'm too small. I can't go back to my hometown and do all the things I used to do at home. I'm not going to be able to get into any of my classes, and I don't know how I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be stuck in high college for years and years. I don't know how I'll feel about this. I'm just going to keep going. I have no friends. I'm just going to keep going. I'm going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'll end up. I'll drop out of every class I've taken. I just hope its not some random dude making a cheap shot in the mail. I'm not going to live in fear of what's going to happen to me. I'm not going to go to college. I'm not going to be successful at my job. I'm not going to be healthy. I'm not going to be healthy for the rest of my life. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going. I'm going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'll end up. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to continue to grow but I don't know how I'm going to end up. I'm not going to be happy. I'm not going to be happy for my family. I'm just going to keep going."],["The problem is that POC are the most hated group on this campus and they are portrayed as brash and professional. There is nothing wrong with that, but being a POC is not gonna make you a slut.
Here at West Campus, we are all about the men who take care of our own. Don't let the POC get away with it. I'm not saying you can't have a good time but, how do you know if some of your friends are going to be looking at you as a potential sexual predator?
I know this may sound harsh but I'm the same person who lost my virginity to a guy who cheated on me with a friend. I should have known better. Please don't get me wrong, I'm not saying you should be ashamed of your sexuality but, if you do,, then don't be a cunt.
I'm a POC, and I have a problem with the guys who are taking care of my life. I'm just a POC. I'm a shitty person, but I'm not a POC. I'm a POC. My friends are shitty and I'm a POC. I'm the opposite of them, but I'm not. I'm not a POC. I feel like I'm being paid to act like this. I can't do anything about it anyway so I'm blaming myself. I guess it's the fact that I'm a POC that makes me feel like an asshole. I know I'm going to get paid to act like this but, why am I paying $250 for a POC bitch? I'm not going to be able to get any job in the next 3 years. I'm just going to get out of this shitty world and live a shitty life. Shut up and do your own thing.
I've seen so many POC posts lately and I'm going to be the first one to post this. I'm a POC, and I'm not a POC. I'm a POC. So I'm going to be the first one to post this.
I just wanted to share this story with you, because I am a POC, and I'm not a POC. I am a POC.
I was going to go back to high college at the end of the last semester and I'm still not in high college. I'm trying to figure out how to live, get a job, and get through college, where I want to be. I am a POC, and I am not a POC. I want to be happy. I want to be around people. I want to be loved. I want to be loved. I want to be loved. No, I don't want to be the one who gets hurt. I don't want to be the person who dies. I don't want to be the one who gets killed. I don't want to be the one who gets married and has kids. I don't want to be the one who gets all the credit because I have friends. I don't want to be the one who has no money and no family. I don't want to be the one who goes to college. I don't want to be the one who gets kicked out of a job. I don't want to be the one who gets fired. I feel like I'm in a bad place right now. I'm going to graduate in three years and I'll be here for three years and I'll be finally ready for college. I do not want to be the guy that gets kicked out of a job. I do not want to be the guy who gets paid.
I have a mental disability that I don't have the courage to talk about. I have been told I'm not worthy of being in this world and now I am going to try to push myself to be worthy in this world. I am not the only one. I am the only one. I am the one that is loved.
I am a POC, and I am not a POC. I am a POC. I am the one that is the nicest and the nicest.
I am a POC, and I am not a POC. I am a POC. I am the one that is the fucking happiest and the happiest. I am the happy one, because I am the one that is the happiest. I am a POC, and I am not a POC."],["He's a guy, and when I'm around him he's a really cool guy, but I'm not sure if I'm really attracted to him or just plain happy to see him. I'm sorry I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just attracted to me or just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry I'm not a girl, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. And I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. Well, I'm here to help you, thank you! I am a girl, and a guy, and I think I'm got some serious attraction. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I'm sorry I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me. I'm sorry that I'm not a guy, and I'm not sure if he's just plain happy to see me."],["The photo on the left shows a group of students walking down a street with their bags over their heads. They aren't carrying anything, but they are walking down a street, so they are not walking in a way that would be an issue with them."],[""It is my first time doing this and I am so happy that my first time was successful." -Amanda<|endoftext|>"I'm a guy, but I'm not trying to come off as a certain kind of guy. I have a lot of friends and I'm a guy, but I'm not trying to take my clothes off. I'm not trying to be sexually aggressive or sexual, but I'm not trying to be too aggressive. I'm trying to be myself."],["There are a lot of me and some women here. I am an Asian woman who has been here for a few years now and can't wait for my next big move. I'm anxiously waiting for my next big move. I'm not a big fan of the all-nighter-y vibe, but I'm not going to lie, I am not going to fight for a girl's dream. I will take this opportunity to show my true self and I'll be a force to be reckoned with. I am not going to let this year pass by without a girl who I'm really proud of. I am how I am."7#2587: "I still love that guy that is going to take me to the gym every day"#2584: "I thought iiit would be pretty good, but they have a small and very small gym"#2583: "I really wish I'm not a senior and iiit isnt my major""#2582: "I really wanted to get a relationship with myself, but it just got a little too real to me."],[""Here we go again. You and your friends are the problem. You're the problems. You're the problem. You're the problem. You're the problem. You'll never be able to get out of this one."X7#4974. I'm a guy and I'm just gonna get past all the girls. I'm just gonna want to be the guy that I am. I'm gonna be the guy that I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the guy that I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the guy that I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the guy that I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the guy that I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the guy that I'm gonna be. I get the feeling that this type of person is the problem for me. I get the feeling that if I was better myself I'd be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I'd be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I weren't better myself I wouldn't be a good person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I weren't better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I was better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better yourself I would be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better yourself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person. I get the feeling that if I were better myself I wouldn't be a better person."],["My girlfriend and I broke up last night. I've been thinking about it since I was 2 and I don't know why I'm here. I was just so happy when I found out, but it just felt like the only thing keeping me going is my boyfriend. I'm going back to college and I'm not going to be alone anymore. I'm not going to have the closure that I had this past summer. I just want to know why I'm here. I've been feeling really lonely lately. I've been here for forever. I've been trying to figure out why. I guess it's just that I don't want it to be this way. I'm scared.
I saw you walking down the street last night around 1 AM. I really want to know what you think about me, and I want to know that you care about me. I'm afraid that if I don't tell you I'm going to be lonely and angry, then I'm going to have to live with a life full of loneliness. I know I'll be lonely, and I will have to live with a life full of sadness if I'm going to be a happy human being. I know we have things going on but I don't think that deep down I want you to know that I care about you."],["#4453: "I'm a 20 year old freshman in a very conservative college, and I'm actually very upset about this. I'm angry that this college has such a racist culture of charging students with some basic hate crimes. I'm so angry that this culture of racism is being perpetuated and that the students who are protesting are so easily silenced." #4452: "I want to support my friend who's been drinking and going to parties." #4449: "Why are you secretly so interested in me? I'm not interested at all. I'll just wait for you to come back."
#4448: "I'm a guy, and I'm really into girls" #4445: "I had to call this guy my friend because I just want to hang out with him, but I'm not interested." #4434: "To the guy on the video saying that fake news
Your girlfriend knows you exist, but not the way the media reports it, and you don't think she would understand. And you don't think she would understand this to the extent that she would have." #4433: "I'm going to make a girl less miserable with a nice smile" #4432: "Jews need a Jewish president and a Holocaust denier. Jews need a Holocaust denier and a Nazi holocaust denier" #4430: "I'm a junior in a very conservative college, and I'm really sad about it. I don't understand why this college still treats racism and hate as some sort of serious matter."],[""The lack of regard for individual rights and the right to privacy can be best described as a moral injustice."
"My roommate is such a quiet, kind, nice guy, but I find him so creepy that I have to constantly pull my roommate out of bed and pretend he's asleep."
"I'm so grateful that you're here. I'm so thankful that you'll see me in the mirror every night. I can't wait to see you again."
"I'm so glad you've decided to move to a city where you can always have the luxury of moving and not having to worry about your family's future."
"I'm so sorry to all the students who are concerned about how the community reacts to the recent events in Charlottesville, but I'm not saying that everyone should be racist. I just say that regardless of background or political views, the protests and the politics are bad. I already know that, and I know I should've done more to help out our community."
"I'm so glad to see that the student protests are happening this way. I'd rather be here than stay in a building that makes me feel unsafe and I don't have to worry about my family's future."
"I'm so sorry that there are so many people who are not racist, but I just want to know if I should've been here. I've lived here for a while, and I still can't tell if the actions of some people here are racist."
"I have a big crush on a freshman from my hometown who was just here to come to college to try to make a career and I'm such a victim of racism. I am a sophomore and I am not going to take this into consideration as a reason to not go to college."
"I'm a senior, and I've never seen a campus where the message of "no-platforming" and "no-respecting" is not their message, and I'm so thankful that you're here. I'm tired of the people who can't even make it to iiit without being labeled as a racist."
"I'm usually pretty polite and nice to people at public colleges, but I'm worried that I'll be judged as a white person and I won't like the people who say I'm a racist."
"I really like my ex boyfriend. He's a sweet and kind guy, but I worry that he would be judged by me if I did something stupid."
"I don't want to be the person who gets smacked in the face when I go out. I don't really want to have to endure being teased by my friends. I like girls who make fun of me."
"I am a freshman and I am not going to take this into consideration as a reason to not go to college. I'm a white dude and I don't really like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist. I am a white male and I don't like the people who think that I am a racist."],["Does anyone know how to make a real dog coat? It's hard work, but at least it looks cool.XI will be voting for the new Dr. Andrew, because I am a rising senior and getting out of my current job is going to be the most difficult decision I will make in my life. I am going to be the person who tells the truth in interviews about my health issues! I want to be honest and even though I'm not a doctor, I am still a person who is going to take care of myself. I want to be the person who says I have it set for me to do it, or I'll get sick and get tested for it. The truth is I am not going to be able to afford to have my medical bills paid for. I feel like the current system is broken. I don't want to have to pay for it, but I also don't want to feel like I am being forced to pay for it."],[""I have a crush on the guy I've been dating since freshman year. I think he's a really good guy. I've never been a jerk about him. I do not know if I should go for a hot date like him or not. I hate my friends. I hate my friends."@Why do we think it was so attractive to be a female and then become a man? I wish I had the balls to be a man and then be a girl"I'm a guy and I'm not into drag. But I'm not into girls. I just want to be a girl. I'm not a guy."#I've been dating a guy for over a year and he's never been a jerk to me.#I use to know this girl and think I'll get laid later in life but I'm already too tired to go out with her anymore. I'm not a girl in the slightest and I'm just a girl!"#I'm lowkey not into hooking up but I'm into the fun things.#I look at the sky and think "you'd see the sun in the sky and I'm in love with you."#"I feel like I'm going to be the first girl in my class to graduate with all of the honors and everything"#I think it would be fun to take advantage of the fact that I'm single and have plenty of friends and family so I can focus on my classes.#I'm a single guy and I have a girlfriend who is single. I don't know how to tell her.I make out with a girl who makes me feel like a slut.#I'm a virgin and I think we should have a few more sex parties.#I'm a guy and I am a man."],["Bernie Sanders is the main reason why I hate this country and how we have to fix it. I hate how we have to financially support this stupid, racist, and hateful, white, male-dominated political class. I hate how things are changing on the inside. I hate how we have to fix this country and how we have to help the families of the people who are suffering the most. I hate how we have to finance this system that is so broken and broken and broken and broken. I hate how this country needs to be torn apart and rebuilt. I hate how we need to change the way we talk about the issues of the day and the way we talk about the issues of the future. I hate how we need to fix this country and how we have to fix it. I hate the endless political wars the media and billionaires are waging. I hate how we have to fix this country and how we have to fix it. I hate how we have to fix this country and how we have to fix it. I hate how we have to make sure that the housing market is run by people who are not racist, sexist, or homophobic. I hate how this country has been wrecked by the west. I hate how theres no viable alternative in this country. I hate how theres no way to buy a car without getting hurt. And I hate how people have to hide or pretend to hide their identity because they dont want to be seen as a weak, entitled, sexist, homophobic bigot. I hate how so many people are being ostracized for being white. I hate how the fact that our nation is in financial crisis is a proof that we dont need your money. I hate how the fact that the only reason white people are alive is because theyre rich. I hate how we have to fix this country and how we have to fix it. I hate how we have to fix this country and how we have to fix it. I hate how theres no viable alternative in this country. I hate how theres no way to buy a car without getting hurt. And I hate how people have to hide or pretend to hide their identity because they dont want to be seen as a weak, entitled, sexist, homophobic bigot. I hate how theres no viable alternative in this country. I hate how theres no way to buy a car without getting hurt. And I hate how theres no way to fix this country and how we have to fix it."],["When I'm having sex with someone, I'm thinking about how I'm going to respond to that message, and I'm wondering how I can take that risk. I'm not sure how I'm going to react, but I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it because I'm not going to have the chance to be that person.When I'm having sex with someone, I'm thinking about how I'm going to respond to that message, and I'm wondering how I can take that risk. I''m not going to take it. I'm not going to take it because I'm not going to have the chance to be that person.
I'm not going to take it because I'm not going to have the chance to be that person.I'm not going to take it because I'm not going to have the chance to be that person.I'm not going to take it because I'm not going to have the chance to be that person."],["To the guy I was chatting with at an event today, you were looking pretty cute. You were a little tall, light skinned with a nice headband. I was kinda offended by the boy, but I think you look the most attractive. I'm sure he's not gay, but I'm pretty sure he's just a guy and I'm just really jealous of you. I really wish I could be happy with you, but you're obviously just talking to me and not looking at me. Just wish we could be friends - I wish we could be friends.X
I was really excited about the iiit Review because I thought I would be able to share my confessions because of the opportunity. But now I'm worried that all my support will come from outside the iiit community. I know I'll be judged by iiit, but I'm very scared for my future. I have a confession and I'm afraid that it will be taken down because of the negative reactions and the fear of rejection.
I'm a iiit student, and I am concerned for my future and my career. I've been through this before, and I feel like I'm being judged. I get mad at the people who're complaining about the iiit Review and the people who're criticizing it. I don't know what I'm going to do next. I'm not going to complain. I want to be proud of my iiit and get over it, but I can't. I'm afraid of what people will think and act on it.
The iiit Review is a community that's really and truly hurtful. It's not just about my own experiences with iiit. It's about the iiit community. I fight for this as a iiit citizen, and it's not just about me. It's about everyone. Not only me, but all people."X
I'm so depressed about how I am still going to be bullied by people who I knew from high college. I'm here to support my family and I have never been bullied before. I'm not going to pretend that I am a decent human being. I'm going to be a normal person until I graduate. I'm not going to be a stupid person, and I am not going to be a nice person. I'm going to be an average human being. I am going to be a great human being. I hope that I can get to where I am at in life. I'm going to be able to go to college without feeling like I'll be judged by people who're not my friends. I hope I can support my family and do things I love and that I can learn to be a better person, but I'm not going to be bullied. I'm still depressed about it just because of the negativity that it has been having to deal with. I'm still sick and tired of this negativity. I don't know how to deal with this, and I know that this is going to get worse. I'm not going to talk to anyone because I'm scared that the negativity that is going to be coming at me will do something to me. I'm going to fight all the way to the bottom. I'm going to call anyone who has been affected by this, and I'll take all the blame for it. I'm going to do everything to fight the negativity. I don't know how I can support myself. I'm not going to do anything because I don't know how to do it. I'm not going to do anything because the negativity that is coming at me will do something to me. I'm going to do everything to fight the negativity.X
"I'm not a iiit student, mainly because I have never been a iiit student, and I hope I don't. I'm just a iiit student trying to make friends and I don't want to feel like an outsider. I'm happy to be here and I can't see myself being like this."],[""I'm a man and I'm a Christian. I'm not a pro-life type of person, but I'm a conservative Christian. I believe that the right to life is the people's right to make it happen. But homophobia hurts more than anything else. And I'm not at all anti-abortion. I don't want to discriminate against gays. All I want is for Christians to have the right to live in peace and to love. "I'm a guy and I'm a Christian. I'm not a pro-life type of person, but I'm a conservative Christian. I believe that the right to life is the people's right to make it happen. But homophobia hurts more than anything else. And I'm not at all anti-abortion. I don't want to discriminate against gays. All I want is for Christians to have the right to live in peace and to love. "I'm a guy and I'm a Christian. I'm not a pro-life type of person, but I'm a conservative Christian. I believe that the right to life is the people's right to make it happen. But homophobia hurts more than anything else. And I'm not at all anti-abortion. I don't want to discriminate against gays. All I want is for Christians to have the right to live in peace and to love. "I'm a guy and I'm a Christian. I am not a pro-life type of person, but I am a conservative Christian. I believe that the right to life is the people's right to make it happen. But homophobia hurts more than anything else. And I'm not at all anti-abortion. I don't want to discriminate against gays. All I want is for Christians to have the right to live in peace and to love.
I'm a guy, I am a Christian, and I am a conservative Christian. I believe in the right to life and God's sake so that we can live with it. But I'm a conservative Christian, and I have never been against gay marriage or same sex marriage. I just want that right to be respected. "I'm a guy and I'm a Christian. I am not a pro-life type of person, but I am a conservative Christian. I believe that the right to life is the people' right to make it happen. But homophobia hurts more than anything else. And I'm not at all anti-abortion. I don't want to discriminate against gays. All I want is for Christians to have the right to live in peace and to love. "I need help."],["I think this is the first time I've been rejected by a girl (not a girl in any way). I'm a girl, and I'm not a female here at iiit. I'm just a girl, and I'm not a girl. I have a problem with guys being superficial. I'm not the type to be superficial, and I'm not a girl. I'm just a girl. I'm not a girl, and I'm not a girl. I'm a girl. I'm not the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm not a girl. I'm a girl. I'm not a girl. I'm a girl. I'm not a girl. I'm a girl. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm not a girl. I'm a girl. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm not a girl. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial. I'm the type to be superficial."],["I am a guy and I am going to start dating someone in college. I'm gay and I have a girlfriend, but I have been thinking about dating a girl in college, and I'm scared to say it. I am also thinking about taking a leave from iiit because I am scared to be perceived as more gay because there is so much stigma and I am afraid of being seen as gay. I don't know how to tell myself that I'm not gay, but I am honestly scared to be seen as gay. I feel like no one would think I'm gay. Am I right for this?X
I have a girlfriend. She is a guy and has been dating for like 4 months. I have been dating her since I was a baby and have been having a great time with her. We get along and we talk a lot and I always talk to her about sex. I always say hi to her. When we meet, she would usually go out with me, but whenever she went out with me she would go in the shower and I would go to the bathroom for a few minutes. I would get naked and just sit in the stall and just go to sleep. I never saw her naked when I was with her or in a way she seemed to be, and I never talked to her since I was going to bed.
I had sex with her because I wanted her to sleep with me, but I couldn't because she was really busy and I couldn't do anything. But she was a virgin and I was really horny so I had sex with her.
It was a great night and I did not feel like I was having a good night. I had a hard time finding a night spot by night. I guess I should have gotten a more flexible night spot because I had a lot of time to work because I didn't want to waste the night with girls and so I went to a new place. I was disappointed because I thought I'm going to be hard and I'm not going to sleep with a guy. I guess I'm going to be a virgin again. But I'm not. I guess as long as I'm a virgin, then I'll be happy.
I am gay and I have a girlfriend. She is a guy and has been dating for like 4 months. I have been dating her since I was a baby and have been having a great time with her. I'm like no one would think I'm gay, but I am honestly scared to be seen as gay. I have a girlfriend. She is a guy and has been dating for like 4 months."],["Where are you when I go and see you, I think I am going to love you again. I love you, that is all it takes. But I just can't admit I love you. You made me feel like I needed to do something, you had me all around you. You were the first person Ive ever been with, I knew you would be the one, and I just couldn't let my mind wander. And that was before I even knew you existed. Now I don't even know if I want to come back. I just want to love you. I don't care if you dont like me or tell me that I don't. I just want to be with you. I want to be with you. I just want to be with you. I know you're not from that place, but I just want to know how you feel about me. I want to know if we can have a meaningful relationship, and if we can't. I just wish you could find a friend who truly cares about us. I want to be with you. I feel like I need to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able to. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able to. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able to. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able to. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able to. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able to. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able. I just want to be with you. I am just not sure if I'll be able."],[""I'm a guy, and I'm a woman. I'm not a guy, I'm not a woman. I'm a guy. I'm a woman. I'm a guy. I'm a girl. I'm a guy. I'm a girl. I'm a girl. I'm a girl."],["The US has the most fast food workers in the world. They're the coolest, most fun, and most fun-loving people ever. They're such great people and they make you happy! They're all so cute and loud and have the most amazing eyes. They're everything you want in a good long-distance relationship and it really gets you out of bed the next day!
I'm too lazy to go to college this year and I'm too lazy to go to college next year. The US has the most fast food workers in the world. They're the coolest, most fun, and most fun-loving people ever. They're all so cute and loud and have the most amazing eyes. They're everything you want in a good long-distance relationship and it really gets you out of bed the next day!XMy girlfriend and I plan on giving birth this year and she's ready to give birth next year. We haven't had to worry about labor since it washes over her. She's clearly not ready to give birth yet. We're still trying to figure out our options for giving birth. Thank you for your care.I'm an average guy. I'm a guy and I want to be liked. I'm not a man I want to be liked with.I'm an average guy."],["It is a good start to the year. First semester is right around the corner. I am going to do my best to make it here, but I still have some work to do. I am going to have a good life, but I am not going to be able to afford to go to college. I am going to have to go to a college that pays well, like a community college. I am going to have to do a lot of things I was not able to do. It is a good start to the year.
I am not a senior anymore. I only have a 3.0 GPA and I am now thinking about making a move in the majors. But I am not going to college. I have no friends. I am going to live in the cave. Where I can go to sleep. Where I can make friends. And what I am going to do. I will. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it.
I am not going to take classes that are not going to work for me. I am going to live in the cave. I will have to do homework. But I am not going to go to college. I have no friends. I am going to live in the cave. I will have to do homework. But I am not going to go to college.
But I am not going to take classes that are not going to work for me. I am going to live in the cave. I will have to do homework. But I am not going to go to college.
I am afraid I will never be able to go to college. I am scared I will never be able to make my place at college. I am scared that I will never be able to make my place at college. I am afraid that I will never be able to make my place at college.
I am afraid that I will never be able to get into a good college. I am afraid that I will never be able to get into a good college. I am afraid that I will never be able to make my place at college. I am afraid that I will never be able to make my place at college.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job. I am afraid that I will never be able to have a good job.
I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college. I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college.
I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college. I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college.
I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college. I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college.
I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college. I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college.
I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college. I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college.
I am afraid that I will never be able to go to college."],[""As I have done my entire life, I never knew that I had such a low testosterone. I am only a girl, but I have never had a high-grade erection. I would be a cutie if I were on that level. I am Confident, I'm a pussy, and I am pretty athletic. I am into guys and I have long hair."
"I am the biggest girl in the world. I am extremely pretty, and I am the greatest. I've never had a boyfriend and I would never date a guy who was bigger than me."
"I am a girl and I do not get it, but I get it from all my friends, and it is extremely annoying to me because I never get it from anyone else. I wish I could never have to deal with this."
"I am the only person at this college to have a boyfriend. I am a virgin, but I am a virgin. I have never had sex in my life. I have never had a medical condition or been in a relationship. I have never had a boyfriend. I am here because I want to be here. It is my dream to be here because I want to be here. I am here because I want to be here. I am here because in love with the person I want to be with. I am here because I want to be here."
"I am a virgin. I have never had sex in my life. I have never had a medical condition or been in a relationship. I have never had a boyfriend."],["If I were to say that I'm a socialist, then people would probably think I'm a communist. But I'm not. I'm not even socialist. I just don't believe in the individual vs. individual rights. I'm not a socialist. I'm a journalist and I'm here to tell people that you're a socialist. I guess we can have a little fun with that.
I'm just upset about what's happened. People think I'm a socialist when things aren't right for me. But I am not a socialist. I am a moralist. I am an activist. I am a philosopher. I am a philosopher of faith. I am a Christian. I am a human being. But I am not a socialist because I don't believe in the individual vs. individual rights. I am a socialist because I believe in the individual vs. individual rights. And I don't believe in the individual vs. individual rights. Because I am not a socialist. I am a moralist. I am a philosopher. I am a Human Being. But I am not a socialist because I don't believe in the individual vs. individual rights. I am a human being. But I am not a socialist. Because I am not a socialist. I am a moralist. I am a human being. But I am not a socialist. Because I am not a human being. The very people who take me seriously are not the ones who need to be taken seriously. They are the ones who need to be taken seriously. The reason I'm here is because I am going to tell you, you have the right to tell me, and the only reason I'm going to say it is because I'm going to tell you. I am here because I don't want to be told, because I don't want to be told. I am also not going to tell you because I don't want to be told. Because the same people who put me in that situation were not going to tell me. They were not going to tell me because I would be taking them down because of a false narrative. I know that the people who say the same things are not going to go down on you, and I know that you deserve to go down on them. I know that you deserve to go down on them. You don't have to believe everything you hear because that would be a lie. But that doesn't make it right. It doesn't make you a racist, it doesn't make you a sexist."],[""I am so weak and insecure"
"I want a boyfriend."
"I'm a virgin and I want to be able to have sex with my boyfriend."
"I'm not a virgin, but I'm really into guys. I love girls and I'm pretty sure I like guys as well."
"I'm not sure if I'm in love with my boyfriend."
"I'm a virgin."
"I just wanted to say that I'm not a virgin. I am not sexually active."
"I want to be able to have sex with my boyfriend."
"I don't want to lose my virginity, but I'm so fucking disappointed in him. The guy I've been so attracted to, he's such a perfect guy, but he doesn't know how to deal with me. I'm not sure if he'll do anything about it, but I'm negative and I'm worried that he'll be too big for me. I'm scared that I won't be able to let him in. I want to be able to have sex with my boyfriend, but I don't know how."
"I'm a virgin but my boyfriend is a dick and I'm a virgin."
"I'm not sure if I want to be able to have sex with my boyfriend."
"I want to be able to have sex with my boyfriend."
"I want my boyfriend to be able to have sex with me. I'm disgusted by his behavior. He has no morals and he has a huge cock. I'm a guy, but I don't want to be a monster."
"I am a girl but I'm a virgin. I'm not interested in sex."
"I'm a virgin but I'm really scared of my boyfriend."
"I am a virgin but I'm really scared of my boyfriend."
""I'm a virgin."
"I'm a virgin but my boyfriend has a huge dick."
"I'm a virgin but my boyfriend has a huge cock."
"I'm a virgin but I'm really scared to lose my virginity. The guy I've been so attracted to, he's such a perfect guy, but he doesn't know how to deal with me. I'm not sure if he'll do anything about it, but I'm negative and I'm worried that he'll be too big for me."
"I'm a virgin but i've been thinking about losing my virginity for a year. I'm a virgin but I'm a boy. I'm not really interested in sex, but I'm a girl."
"I'm a virgin but I'm a girl. I'm a virgin but I'm a boy. I'm a virgin but I'm a girl. I'm a virgin but I'm a girl. I'm a virgin but I'm a girl. I'm a virgin but I'm a boy. I'm a virgin but I'm a girl."
"I'm a virgin but I'm a boy. I am a virgin. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy."
"I'm a virgin but I'm a girl. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy."
"I'm a virgin but I'm a girl."
"I'm a virgin but I'm a boy. I am a virgin. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy. I am a virgin but I am a boy."
"I'm a virgin but I'm a boy. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. I am a virgin."],["No. I don't think it's fair that all of us are the ones who don't have access to the latest technology. #bakeddaddy
I'm not a huge fan of the class system, but I do get that all students are treated this way. I'm not sure if I would get that treatment, but I feel like I'm worth most of the students on this campus. #depressionjester
"I'm a senior. I have a very good sense of humor. I get it. I'm the type of guy who will take all the heat for a good joke. But I don't get the need to judge anyone, and I'm glad to know that I can't be judged by my own humor."#6453
"There's this girl in my class who does a lot of homework, and she's the type of girl who does lots of reading. I'm really disappointed, because I'm a little nervous to say this. #6452
"I'm a senior. I have a very good sense of humor. I get it. I'm the type of guy who will take all the heat for a good joke. But I don't get the need to judge anyone, and I'm glad to know that I can't be judged by my own humor."#6451
"I've been on a date with this girl since late spring and I'm more than happy to be here. I feel like I'm in a good place, but she doesn't seem to know this. I just wish she knew that I was looking for her."#6448
I'm a senior and I'm trying to get laid. I'm trying to learn how to be happy and my friend girl, who's over my age, is giving me a huge blow job. I'm so tired right now. I'm not sure if I can ever get laid again."#6446
I'm really pretty but I keep looking for girls. I'm really shy and almost scared to ask them out. I'm not sure if it's because of romantic attraction or something.#6444
I haven't found a girl who likes me. I am not a guy, I have no friends, and I'm not attractive. I'm lonely. I'm not happy now. I want to find a girl who is like me. #bakeddaddy"#6443
I'm a senior and I'm trying to get laid. I'm trying to learn how to be happy and my friend girl, who's over my age, is giving me a huge blow job. I'm so tired right now. I'm not sure if I can ever get laid again. #BakedDaddy"#6442
I'm a senior and I'm trying to get laid. I'm trying to learn how to be happy and my friend girl, who's over my age, is giving me a huge blow job. I'm so tired right now. I'm not sure if I can ever get laid again.(#6441
"I'm a senior and I'm trying to get laid. I'm trying to learn how to be happy and my friend girl, who's over my age, is giving me a huge blow job. I'm so tired right now. I'm not sure if I can ever get laid again. #bakeddaddy"#6440
Yes, I am a senior and I have a lot of friends. But, I am just so shy and so insecure. I'm trying so hard, but I'm not ready to be in a relationship. #bakeddaddy"#6379
I'm really not interested in dating other girls because I think they are so attractive and cute. #bakeddaddy"#6377
I'm a freshman and I'm trying to get laid. I'm trying to learn how to be happy and my friend girl, who's over my age, is giving me a huge blow job. I'm so tired right now. I'm not sure if I can ever get laid again."],["Xfinity is a game, and not a sport. I really don't know what I'm doing wrong, but I'm really excited to try out and see how it all stacks up against others, and how much more fun it can be to participate in the community.XConfession #116: I am a female. I am not a male, and I don't always have a sexy guy. I know, it's weird, but I really do have a girlfriend. I'm not quite sure what I'm doing wrong with my sexuality. I am a woman, I am a feminist, and a fan of women, but I'm a man and I don't have a girlfriend. I know, it's weird, but I'm really worried I'll be a loser because my sexuality won't completely match up with that of a female.XConfession #115: What I'm trying to say is that I'm not a racist. I'm not a racist. I am a white guy with a lot of black friends. I'm not all that racist, but I am trying to say that I am not racist and that I am not racist for hating upon white people. I know it is not racist to say that a white guy is racist, but I am not black and I don't think that white people are racist. I am not a racist, but I am definitely not racist for hating upon white people. I don't hate on white people because I can't relate to them, since they are so different. I think I am very racist for hating against white people, but I dont hate on white people because I can't relate to them. I think I am very racist because I can't relate to white people because I can't relate to them. I hate on white people because they are so different so I think that I am racist. I hate on white people because they are so different so I think that I am racist. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different. I hate on white people because they are so different."],["To all the guys who are so arrogant and want to be like you and wear the shit, don't even mean that. You are a sophisticated and very free-minded person who is better than most of the guys around you. You can't be this stupid and you should never be a part of this. You are all the same to me and I'm so sorry that you hate me. It's not me.XSo here I am going to write something about some very poor losers who are making the world a better place by living in gross poverty, and I am going to take some of them out of the way so that I can spend some money on better clothes and showering, and I can spend more time with them and get better health.
I will not be able to afford to go to the doctor because I am not able to afford to have a car or have a house so I am going to lose all my friends. I am going to have to go through the expensive college tuition and food bills to be able to get into college. I'm going to have to pay the rent to get into college. I am going to have to pay for rent to get into college. I am going to have to pay for food to eat every week. I am going to have to pay for everything to get into college. I will have to take out a lot of student loans to pay for college. I will have to learn to live off of food and now I'm living in a place where I can't even afford the food to go out of my way to go out of my way to get some food. I am going to have to take out loans to pay for college to have the education that I want to have. I am going to have to take out loans to pay for college to have the money that I need to go to college. I am going to have to eat less and not be forced into living in a world where food is not the only thing that I need to eat. I am going to have to take out loans to pay for college to have the financial resources that I need to go to college. I have been living in a world where I would have to pay for college to have the opportunity that I want to have, but I've been living in a world where I would not have to take out loans to get a college education. I am going to have to take out loans to get into college to have the financial resources that I need to go to college. I am going to have to take out loans to take out college and have the time that I want to take out in order to get into college. I am going to have to take out loans to take out college and have the financial resources that I need to go to college. I will have to take out loans. I will have to pay for college. I need to take out loans to take out college and have the financial resources that I need to go to college. I am going to have to take out loans to take out college and have the financial resources that I need to go to college. I am going to have to take out loans to take out college and have the financial resources that I need to go to college. I am going to have to take out loans to take out college and have the financial resources that I need to go to college."],[""I feel like a failure for not having a c-section for a baby"Honey, why does she still be out of my league? I'm a senior so I'm better than her."],["It has been a week and I am still in love with my boyfriend. We spent the last week together and we've never really talked, but I'm thinking about this summer and how I feel about him. I'm sure few words would come to his mind about this, but I don't know what to say. I don't understand why he wants to be with me. I could tell from his facial expressions that he would be upset, but I don't know what to do. I'm just trying to start over this time, and I'm just trying to be calm. I know I should have been able to talk to him, but I'm just so sorry that he didn't have any other options. I wish I had known sooner. I'm sorry for ruining our friendship. I love my boyfriend, but I'm just so scared. I'm sorry I don't like him so much. I wish he would have asked me out a few days ago. I really don't want to see him again. I want to make him happy. I don't want to tell him that he is not my friend anymore. I don't want to hear the thought of him getting hurt or having a bad breakup, and I think it's horrible. I want him to know that I love him, and I know that he will not be the one to blame. I don't want to be a burden on him and he'll hurt me. I don't want to be selfish. I just want to be happy and happy for her, and I'm sure she has been waiting for me. I regret this decision for a long time, and I hope that her boyfriend will never see me. I am very thankful for my boyfriend, he is so kind and kind to me, and I've never seen him smile like that. I hope that I will get the chance to spend the rest of my life with him. I want to be happy, but it's too late. I know that I'll never be happy without him, and I hope that I can be happy for him in the future. I want to go out with my best friends, but I don't want to be the one to take that chance. I want my boyfriend to be happy, but he's not the one I want him to be. I want to be happy, but I've never seen him smile like that. I know that I'll never be happy without him, and I hope that I can be happy for him in the future. I want to go out with my best friends, but I don't want to be the one to take that chance. I want to be happy, but I've never seen him smile like that. I know that I'll never be happy without him, and I hope that I can be happy for him in the future. I want to go out with my best friends, but I don't want to be the one to take that chance. I want to be happy, but I've never seen him smile like that. I know that I'll never be happy without him, and I hope that I can be happy for him in the future. I want to go out with my best friends, but I don't want to be the one to take that chance. I think my boyfriend is the only person who I can truly care about. I hope he can be happy for me. I want to be happy for him, but I'm so very scared. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I know he'll not be the person I want to be, but I really want him to be. I dont know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't want to be a burden on him and he'll hurt me. I dont know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I want to be happy, but I'm so scared. I dont know what to do. I dont know what to do. I don't know what to do. I dont know what to do. I don't know what to do."],[""I was scared to even come to college. I still have a job, which I'm proud of but I don't want to be here. I don't know what I'm going to do next."
"I hate that iiit's student body thinks they're doing everything right (hopefully we'll all agree that's not the case) and that they're just trying to push the status quo. Like, if we want to be successful, we need to prioritize and also prioritize people, not just ourselves."
"I'm still scared to even come to college. I still have a job, which I'm proud of but I don't want to be here. I don't know what I'm going to do next."
"I'm a huge iiit fan and I don't know if I'm a good person or not. I'm not going to lie to my friends about my feelings about my parents and I'm not going to make up my mind about what I'm going to do in high college. I'm just trying to stay focused on my passion and I guess I'll find out next year."
"My name is Laura and I'm a sophomore. I'm a freshman. I'm not a tech guy and I haven't been in a tech class for three years. I'm a senior and I'm trying to make my voice heard and I'm starting to feel like I'm not going to be able to do anything with my life. I'm a junior and I'm still trying to make friends and I'm trying to do well in college but I'm not happy. I'm not going to be able to go to the library, eat at the biggest restaurants, work in the coolest restaurants, or go to the gym. I'm not going to be able to do anything with my life. I'm just trying not to make big decisions at iiit and I'm sorry for not being able to do all that in college."
"I'm a freshman and I'm a freshman. I'm a freshman. I'm a freshman. I'm going to college next year. I'm starting to feel like I'm not going to be able to do anything with my life. I'm not going to be able to go to the library, eat at the biggest restaurants, work in the coolest restaurants, or go to the gym. I'm not going to be able to do anything with my life. I'm just trying not to make big decisions at iiit and I'm sorry for not being able to do all that in college."
"I have come to iiit with a major in Computer Science and I feel like I'm not ready to put in my time."],[""For the past couple years, the white population has been on a downward spiral. They are in the top 3% of the economy, so we are in the middle of a massive economic crisis. They are also in the bottom third of the economic system, which is a major reason why the economy is in a crisis. Despite all of the warnings and warnings, the white population is still the worst performing racial group on the planet, which is why the undocumented workers have been paying down the student loan debt. The number of people living in poverty is too high and many are too afraid to ever leave the country. The biggest problem is that the white population is economically dependent on the government, not the working class. It is the issue that led to the rise of Trump."
I wish I could see this. I've been thinking about how I should be here with my family because I know how hard our life may be. I've been thinking about how many of us are in debt because of Trump. I wish I could say that I am not struggling because I am sure that I can afford to put in the time and effort necessary to make this college a better place. But that is not the situation when I am here with my family."],["Just want to give a shoutout to the lowkey 100 members of my group who are so inspiring and kind and incredibly kind and helpful. I am honestly so glad I got to know you guys like this last year, and I hope to have a shot with you guys in the future, but to be honest, it really sucks that so many of the guys who I get to know are guys who are just a little bit more upfront and kinda shy around me. I feel like I don't get to interact with so many kind and kind/kind-hearted people, but I hope to be able to meet a lot of guys who actually like me, and I don't want to be a jerk to them.I did something with the balls of my ankles yesterday, the first time I've done this. I'm a guy. Suck it.I'm a freshman. I'm not a big girl. I'm not a huge girl, but I'm a big girl. I'm a freshman, and I'll never be a girl. I'm gonna be a girl until I graduate, and I'll be a girl until I'm 40. I'm going to be a girl until I graduate, and I'm going to be a girl until I'm 50. I'm going to be a girl until I graduate, and I'm going to be a girl until I'm 60. I'm going to be a girl until I graduate, and I'm going to be a girl until I'm 80. I'm going to be a girl until I graduate, and I'm going to be a girl until I'm 90."],["Curious as to what you're doing?
I'm the person who wrote this here. I'm a senior, with a very large salary and still had to take summer classes. I am a long-term teacher, working for a college that is trying to get out of the financial crisis. I have a good friend, and we frequent these classes together, but I am worried that I'm too bitchy and resentful to be able to say it. I'm scared that I'm going to lose some of my friends. Is this what the government should say? I'm scared of what I think I'll do next. And I'm terrified that they will find someone else to blame. Why do I care about my friends? I'm scared that I'm not going to be able to talk to them, because I know they'll all be okay with that. I am scared that I'll be judged. I am scared that I will be judged by others. And I am scared of not being able to talk to them about it. I know they will be fine with it. I already know. I don't want to give up. I know it will take some time, but I am not going to let myself down. I know I'll be fine with it. I know in the long run it'll be a positive thing, but I am not going to give up. I am afraid that if I didn't see them, I'll be judged by myself. I want to be angry with the college and its student body, but I don't know how I can let them down. I want to know what it is that makes me feel like shit. I want to know how to handle their complaints. I want to know how to let them know what it is that makes me feel like shit, but I don't know how to let them know what it is that makes me feel like shit. I want to know how to let them know what it is that makes me feel like shit."],["I'm a senior who's been going to the library and are having a hard time finding books for reading. I'm so angry, because I'm really not trying to read anymore. I know this is a tough time for me, but I'm not going to take it anymore. I know this is a tough time for everyone at iiit, but I'm not going to listen to some guy who is not trying to just listen. I'm just going to sit alone in the library and learn what a good book is. I can't wait to finally have everyone around me have a good time.XAs a current iiit student, I have a crush on Matt Chisholm. He is also my grandmother. Matt is awesome, and he always looks out for my interests and family. I always feel like I have to be good at everything, but I feel like I'm just doing the exact same thing every semester. I'm not a perfectionist, and I don't think I'm going to make it here. Even though I'm not a great person, I'm still going to the best college in the country, and I'm happy I'm here. I'm not going to suffer through the hardships of college without a strong connection to iiit. I'm just thankful that it's here that I am going to live. There's no one else here that will take me away from my roots.X+I've been looking for a iiit internship since I was a freshman and I'm so disappointed that I've only gotten one. I know that I'll get to try out for myself, but I'm not looking to go on a regular basis, because I know I'll never be able to be a part of this amazing group of students. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm just looking to find a way to make money. I'm not looking to just be a boring, lazy, and worthless piece of shit. I'm looking to make a living, and hopefully I can do it all. I love iiit. I want to make a great life for myself, and I'm hoping that I can do that in the future. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking to just be a boring, lazy, and worthless piece of shit. I'm just looking to make a good life for myself, and I'm hoping that I can do that in the future. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking to just be a boring, lazy, and worthless piece of shit. I'm just looking to make a great life for myself, and I'm hoping that I can do that in the future. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking to just be a boring, lazy, and worthless piece of shit. I'm just looking to make a great life for myself, and I'm hoping that I can do that in the future. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking to just be a boring, lazy, and worthless piece of shit. I'm just looking to make a great life for myself, and I'm hoping that I can do that in the future. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard. I'm not looking for a job just because I'm trying so hard."],["I know, this is a weird one, but I think it is really good that people can express themselves and go out and socialize with all the other people who are not as "sexualized" as I am.X#4234
I have long been debating whether to have the same sex as my ex, but honestly wouldn't mind. I have been dating this guy for a long time and I am still happy with him, but I am into this guy. I'm not a virgin, but I do not want to be like him."],["I hear a lot of stuff from people who are single and living in all these different parts of the country, but I've never met anyone who's single or living in all these states, had kids, or even lived in all these different states. I think I'm too insecure and insecure to even ask this question! Would I go to college here? Would I go to college in other states? Not necessarily. I am not going to go to college in my college home state anymore. I'm not going to go to college in college and I'm not going to go to college in college. How can I have a big family, to have a well-paying job, to have a place to go to college? I don't know what I'm going to go to college for."],[""I know it's not a good idea to keep the "J" in my name but I've been told by my advisors that it's not a bad idea for me to keep it." - David Dewhurst, author of The Secret Life of the Sexual Harborside
"I'm a freshman and I am a bit nervous because I'm a sophomore and I'm also in my mid-semester year and I'm not going to be as fast and active as a freshman. I'm not sure if I want to have sex, and I don't want to give it to my partner because I don't want the risk of getting hurt and getting rejected." - Rita Yee, former senior girl at iiit and now a senior girl at iiit
"I'm not so sure about what the fuck is wrong with me. I feel like asexual and I don't want to be a sexual vampirist." - Chloe R., former procrastinator at iiit
"The worst part is that I'm trying to make it through the day, but I'm just one person and I feel like I'm the only one in my life who is able to do anything for a living. I'm not trying to be a "sexual" person. I'm just trying to make me feel like I're a good person. I don't want to feel like I just need to work everyday and be able to do the things I want." - Sarah J., senior boy at iiit
"I'm a freshman and I have been in relationships before. I have no idea what I'm going to do next. Is this the end? Can I still be friends with friends?" - Derek S., senior girl at iiit
"I know I'm a virgin. I know I'm doing something right at iiit. I'm just not done yet." - Bradley T., senior boy at iiit
"To all the people who went to iiit for the summer, I know you're not alone. I know you've been hard working, so this is for you, and I know you're just a great person. I don't know why you're here, but I'm so proud of you. I'm just worried that it could be the wrong place. I'm sorry I'm not the right person for you, I know I'll never be the same." - Michael J., senior girl at iiit
"I'm a guy and I'm a virgin. I'm a virgin so I'm not worried about the consequences. I feel like I've been through a lot. I'm not really ready to be a guy. I'm not going to be the guy I want to be. I am a virgin and I am not afraid of the consequences. I'm not really worried about the consequences. I'm not really worried about the consequences." - Matt G., senior girl at iiit
"I've been thinking about this for a while and I'm finally ashamed. I really should have gotten it sooner. The college is so new and I need to know more and I'm just scared to go back to iiit. I really hate my GPA anymore. I just want to go home and have a good time." - Armona P., senior girl at iiit
""I have great friends, but I really like them. I don't know how to tell them off... I don't know what to do." - Matt Y., senior boy at iiit
"I am a junior and I have a girlfriend. I'm a virgin, but I wish that my boyfriend is a virgin too. I don't understand the college and the college is so evil." - C. M., senior girl at iiit
"I just want to say what I really love about iiit. I have been here for a long time and I can see how it is a great place to live. I was here for a while and it is amazing. I love iiit and I like it so much. I'm happy here."],[""I'm a freshman and I'm graduating in May, and I'm going to be a senior next year. I'm not going to be in the best colleges, no, I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be a college major, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges, because I'm going to be a freshman in this year and I'm not going to be a college major. I'm going to be in the best colleges, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm in the best colleges, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm in the best colleges, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges."#6266: "I'm a senior and I'm going to be a senior next year. I'm not going to be in the best colleges, no, I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges, and I'm not going to be in the best colleges. I'm not going to be in the best colleges."],["Nike Rebel football player Brandon Thomas, who was found guilty in a sex sting, is in the care of a mental health facility.
The judge who was supposed to hear the case decided to not hear it, instead sending a message to athletes that they have to be open minded to gay people.
"I am sorry for the confusion and confusion, and for the lack of evidence to support your claim. I am sorry that your actions were wrong, and I am sorry that you were not able to be an outspoken advocate in any way. You are a great athlete, and you have done great work in the gym and during off-season. I am grateful for all the time you spent with me this past year, and I am thankful for making you feel beautiful again. I will not be around to witness what this is like to be a gay athlete, and I am thankful that you learned to be a more positive person. I am sorry that you have to be so hard on yourself. And I am sorry that you are going to gain so much weight. I will not be in your shoes."S#nomorenight--I'm a freshman and I'm going to the gym tonight!#NUStudentFawks#I'm tired of the hype. I'm tired of the music, the sun, and the jokes. I'm tired of being described as a "prodigy." I'm tired of the constant noise and the noise of the school. I'm tired of feeling like I'm a failure. I'm tired of being labeled as a failure. I'm tired of being labeled as the worst person in the world. I'm tired of being labeled as the worst athlete. I'm tired of being labeled as having a low GPA. I'm tired of being labeled as having a "paranoid" and as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure. I am tired of being labeled as a failure."],["It is a discouraging feeling when you feel like you have to take a huge risk to graduate, but you can't help but feel ashamed that you never got into college. I don't know if this is a common occurrence but I'm not sure it's really that bad. I just wish that I could have had a one day of college and still got into college. I don't know if this will be worth it.
I wanted to say this, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go to iiit."],[""I never knew how to get across campus to use the restroom. I'm starting to realize how uncomfortable being around people who were so smart can be. It makes me want to get to know all the nerds at iiit."
"I'm really disappointed in my roommate. I feel like she's doing a great job with her life at this college. I want her to feel better about herself. I'm so jealous of her. She likes my apartment. I want to be by her side and be her friend. I need to know how to get over her."
"When I was a freshman I got the Turing test, and it was a great computer test. It's so hard to do in high college and I really dislike the test. I get excited for the test and get nervous about what will happen. I really wish I did it to get a better score."
"I don't know what I'm doing wrong. It seems like a really good time to be here. I'm trying to leave but it's not working out and I'm not feeling well."
"I HATE the "Dear Colleagues" slogan and I'm not sure if I should be upset with the administration or not."
"I thought I would be a good friend with the most senior and I'm not sure if I would be happy with it or not. I know I'm not the type of person to really be friends with everyone, but I just really miss iiit. I don't know where to turn but I hope people like me realize how wonderful the college is for everyone and that the positive vibes it gives people can slowly fade away. I would like to thank iiit for teaching me how to be a good friend."
"When I'm at home, I really try not to think about the questions I'll have to answer."
"I'm a freshman at iiit, and I'm just really good friends with this guy. I don't understand why he would send me here. He's just a really nice guy who just loves to talk to people, and if I ask him out, he has a great time. I'm so glad I'm here to talk to this guy and not to get hurt. He's a really nice person and I wish I could tell him that since he doesn't seem like a nice person. I really think he's pretty, but I'm not sure of his personality. I'm really sorry for not being able to talk to him today, but I really appreciate it."
"I always take the R's for iiit freshman, but I always have the R's for seniors. I thought that was a good thing just to have a random 5-star. Now that I'm here, I was just getting ready to skip class, and I'm reaching for my keys."
"My friend and I have been going to Tisch for two weeks and she's so happy and happy I'm here. I've been feeling a little guilty about not being here for college, but I'm happy to be here."
"I like to pretend that I'm the person I'm supposed to be. I just want to be someone that I'm not. I'm pretty sure I'm the only person who can't do that."
"I've never been accepted into iiit college. I'm not even sure if I'm the person I'm supposed to be."
"I am a freshman and I'm a freshman. I'm happy. I just wanna be friends with my friends."
"I never know who I'm going to be. I am always worried about what I'm going to do next."
"There are people here who are so insanely smart and so handsome but I can't stand them. I can't believe that they're either a bitch or a saint. I'm just so sad."
"I'm an Asian kid and I thought the only reason I was here was because I came from a wealthy family. I know it sounds silly, but I'm proud of myself. I have family's fortune, and I'm proud of them."],["So I found out that my high college has a party to celebrate the end of the summer. I'm a guy, so I'm really into guys, but I absolutely hate guys. I feel like I haven't been able to contribute to any meaningful social justice activism in my life, but I really don't think I'm one of those guys. I guess I just don't get it. I know I'm ugly and I don't deserve my own self-esteem, but I'm not a racist who needs any more validation. I just think I'm just a college kid. I am an adult. I get it.
I'm sorry, sorry. I just wanted to ask you, if you were offended by what I've said or done to you, why do you feel so upset about what I've said or done to you? I'm not racist, per say. I just don't get what my high college is trying to do. I don't get how white people are not allowed to be proud of their heritage. I also don't get how there are no good-looking people in my community. I feel like I'm just one of those people who just never really got into college. Why? Because it was always just me. I'm just a very selfish, shy, average-looking kid from a non-white background. I have this other one. It's selfish, but as a white guy, that's what I'm trying to be. I'm sorry I'm not a racist, but that's not what I thought you were trying to say, even though you were meant to be. If you're offended by what I've said or done to you, then you should get help. Otherwise you'll just blow it. Sometimes I feel like I'm just a total asshole when I'm in situations where I have to be the one to give help. Also, I'm not exactly the kind of person who wants to help people, but I wish that I could do that. I'm a good person, but it is hard, and I know that I'll take it on. I'm very sorry. I'm just trying to be with you. I can't stop thinking about how you've been hurt. I'm sorry for what you have done to me. I'll never be able to be there for you, and I hope you're okay. I hope that you can return me to this place I'm in now, and I hope that you'll see your friend again. I'll miss you.
I've been here for so long I have no idea what I've been through. I have never been to a college where I could have been a part of something. I have never been happy. I'm a very selfish kid, and I don't get why it was so hard. I know that I have been through a lot, but I just can't get through it. I have never been with someone that cared. I have never been with someone that loved me. I'm just so happy now. I don't get why it took so long. I just remember that all of my friends were afraid of me. I don't know if I've ever felt that way before, but I've never really felt that way before. I wish I didn't have to deal with that. I'm just so sad, and I really don't know what to do. I'm honestly not sure if someone else would have been more supportive, if it would have been better for us. This is the first time I've felt this way about this. But I'm not sure if that's what I'm going to do. I'm just so sad. It's a good thing I'm not too old. I'm just so sad I still have the scars. I'm so lost, and I just hope that someone will find me soon. I need someone to love me back. I'd be so happy that I'm here. I'm so happy that I'm back. I just want to make a move. I just want to be with my family. I just want a better life. I just want to be with my friends. I just don't know how I'm going to manage this. I just wanna be with my friends. I just want to be with my family. I just want to be with my parents."],["I think I'm ready to get a guy to hook me up. I want that, but my parents are not my type and I don't think I can do it for them. I'm only 21 and I'm self conscious and I'm just not trying. I don't want to be the "girl in the shower" type guy. I'm not "the girl smoking on the frat" or "the girl in the bathtub" to be a boy and I'll be the girl who's not like guys, but I'll be the girl who's doing the partying and partying and partying. I'm going to make that the norm, but then I'll be trying to figure out what is and isn't normal. I've been getting really good at playing with my friends and I don't want to be the guy who is going to be the girl who's not like guys, but I'll be happy with myself. I'm not a straight guy so being in a relationship is not going to help me. I just want that sex, and I know it's not going to happen."],["I'm a girl and I don't know how to go about finding out about what's going on but I'm going to leave my best friend at home and watch summer movies with my friends. I'm just excited to be here and to be a part of it. I'm not going to let this crush bother me. I'm here for unconditional love, not resentment. I know that I'm not the only one.X
I have a confession to make. I am a senior and I am still living with my family. I do not want them to think that I don't really care about them at all. I am not going to help my family and I'm just not going to try and help them. I am not going to help them by pretending that I care about them and then being harsh about it. I am not going to help my family by being kind and forgiving. I am just not the kind when it comes to being kind and forgiving.
I am not going to be friends with my friends because they have no one to talk to and don't know where I'm going, or because they try to be nice and give them a chance. I am going to be friends with them because I know that they would be so much better off with me. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be the one to say something and that I will do it for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that no matter what happens, I am going to be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that they are going to be the ones to go to college with me, and I am going to be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be the one who will accept me, accept myself and be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that no matter what happens, I will be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be there for them, because I know that I will be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be there for them and that I will make them feel special. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be there for them. I am going to be friends with them because I know that I will be there for them."],["#1. This is really annoying because there are a lot of self harming people here. #2. I don't understand why people are here. They don't deserve this. They deserve better. I just want to be here and have the energy to be able to be here. #3. I'm a virgin, so I'm not going to date anyone because I don't want to ruin their life. #4. I'm just not into the idea of dating other men because I'm not going to date my boyfriend because he's not good looking. #5. I haven't found any girls at this college to date, I'm just not into the idea of them. #6. I'm not sure if I'm going to be attracted to anyone else, but I'm not into that fucking thing.#7. Where are the girls that talk about how smart this guy is? Where are the people that say he's not smart? #8. I'm getting a crush on this girl in the morning and I'm not really sure if she's talking to me or not. I want to get to know her but I just want to be friends. #9. I'm really unhappy with my friends. It's annoying and confusing and I love the fact that I'm not alone.#10. I'm in love with this guy who bought a condom on campus. He has a girlfriend, and I'm a virgin. #11. I'm in love with this girl who's a senior in my class. He's a freshman, and I'm not sure if she's talking to me or not. I'm in love with this girl. #12. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #13. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #14. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #15. My apartment is full of cute girls. #16. I am tired of girls always talking about me, and people always telling me to hook up with this girl. #17. Are there any other guys that would be nice to have in my life? I'm a virgin, so I'm not going to date anyone.#18. I feel like I'm being treated like a creep by a lot of people and I'm not sure if I want to date anyone else. I had a major crush on this girl a few months ago when she's in her mid to late 20's, but I'm not sure if she's interested yet. I'm super nervous about the future of my life, and I don't know if this is the best time to date someone right now. #19. I'm a virgin. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #20. I'm pretty sure I'm not the only virgin here at iiit. I'm not the only one who's been told by my friends to be a virgin. #21. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #22. I'm looking for someone with all the energy and drive and personality to be around me. #23. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #24. I love this girl who's 3rd in my class and is one of my favorite people on campus.
#25. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #26. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #27. I am a virgin. #28. I am a virgin. #29. I am a virgin. I am a virgin. #30. I am a virgin. #31. I am a virgin. #32. I am a virgin. #33. I am a virgin. #34. I am a virgin. #35. I am a virgin. #36. I am a virgin. #37. I am a virgin. #38. I am a virgin. #39. I am a virgin. #40. I am a virgin. #41. I am a virgin. #42."],
